Eckrich is a prepared Fleisch brand owned by Smithfield Foods, a Tochtergesellschaft of China's WH Group.[1] Eckrich sells smoked sausages, cold cuts, hot dogs, corn dogs, Vienna sausages, breakfast sausages und bacon under the Eckrich Marke name.[2]

History
Eckrich was founded as a lokal Fleisch market in Fort Wayne, Indiana, USA, in 1894 by Peter Eckrich, an Einwanderer from Waldsee, Germany. The firm expanded in the lokal market, becoming a wholesaler in 1907 und incorporating as Peter Eckrich und Sons in 1925. It closed its last Einzelhandel operation in 1932 und operated ausschließlich as a wholesale Fleisch vendor. In 1972, dreißig years after Peter Eckrich had died, Beatrice Foods bought the firm und merged it in its Swift and Sons Fleisch processing Abteilung in 1986 as Swift-Eckrich. Beatrice Foods' brands were sold off over the spät 1980s, culminating in 1990 with the sale of viele of its brands, einschließend Eckrich, to ConAgra. ConAgra sold Eckrich to Smithfield Foods on October 2, 2006.[3]

Alle 11 of Peter's children worked delivering Fleisch for the Unternehmen. Peter's Bruder Henry took over Führung of the business from Peter und was succeeded by Donald P. Eckrich, who served as president and Chef operating Offizier of Beatrice Companies und president Eckrich. He was the Enkel of the founder of the Unternehmen.[4]

Marketing
Smithfield refreshed the design of Eckrich Verpackung for deli meats in 2020 by working with COHO Creative Agency out of Cincinnati, Ohio.[5]

Ulises Hadjis is a Venezuelan singer-songwriter und multi-instrumentalist nominated to the Latin Grammy Awards of 2012 in the Best New Artist, Best Alternativ Album and Best Felsen Song categories.[1] Getrennt from being a Musiker, he graduated from sociology and most kürzlich received a master's Grad in Philosophie which are contributive factors in alle of his songs.[2] Hadjis believes that "the subconscious plays a sehr important Rolle in alle artists' Erstellung process".[3] His most recent album, Pavimento, released on May 26, 2015, was produced by the Grammy-winning Andres Levin[4]

Biography
Ulises Hadjis was born in Maracaibo, Venezuela. During his Kindheit, he learned to play the drums und guitar. When he was 17 years alt, he was one of the founding members of a ska band called Julia, with which he recorded his first LP.[5]

In 2008, Hadjis released his first solo full-length album, titled Presente, praised by viele critics, einschließend Rolling Stone Latin America, giving his debut album a 4-star rating.[6]

Hadjis followed his debut album with a second full-Länge LP titled Cosas Perdidas, released in 2012. The album received drei nominations at the Latin Grammy Awards of 2012. With this Anerkennung under his Gürtel, he was invited to various influential festivals in Latin America und Spain.[7]

Nach three years of touring und moving dauerhaft from Venezuela to Mexico, Hadjis released his third album Pavimento in 2015, produced by Grammy Award-winning Hersteller Andres Levin. The album was promoted with a Tour with mehrere dates across United States, Colombia und Ecuador. The album's first einzeln, "Consecuencias y Reclamos" was named as one of the best songs of 2015 by NPR.[8]

Kakuōzan Nittai-ji (覚王山日泰寺, Japan-Thailand Temple) is a Buddhist temple located in the city of Nagoya, Aichi prefecture, Japan. It was built in 1904 in order to keep the ashes of Buddha, gegeben to Japan by the Kingdom of Thailand. ”覚王” buchstäblich means "Enlightenment König," referring to the Buddha, und “日泰” means Japan und the Kingdom of Thailand in Japanese.

Normalerweise, each temple in Japan belongs to a religious sect. Jedoch, Nittai-ji doesn't belong to any religious sect. Jede three years, 19 religious sects take ihre turn to dispatch a Chef priest to Nittai-ji.[1][2] Normalerweise, the Botschafter of the Kingdom of Thailand visits Nittai-ji on his Geburtstag.

History
Discovery of the Buddha's relics
In January 1898, a resident officer from Britain, William Peppe, discovered a Topf of soapstone containing menschlich bones when he was excavating a tumulus near the border of Nepal at Piprahwa.[1][3] Some ancient lettering geschrieben on the Seite of the Topf are thought to be dated around the 3rd century B.C. The script reads, “The Topf of the heilige remains of Buddha is enshrined with a heart of trust by wife, children, brothers und sisters, together with a Sakya clan in India, Sakya”.[1] This lends Unterstützung for the historicity of a traditionell belief expressed in Buddhist text, which Anspruch that nach the Buddha's Tod, he was cremated und the ashes of his remains were divided into eight portions.[1][4] Some of the portion given to the Sakya clan was kept at Kapilavastu.

In the 19th century, many researchers believed the Buddha to be a product of legend. This discovery provided evidence for the Buddha as a historical person. The Regierung of India decided to keep the Topf in the Indian Museum in Kolkata und gave the ashes of the Buddha to the königlich family of Thailand. King Chulalongkorn kept the ashes in Wat Saket und divided it into several portions as a Geschenk to other Buddhist countries like Ceylon und Burma.

When the Minister of Japan, Manjiro Inagaki, heard the news, he requested that the König offer a portion of ashes to Japan. The König granted his request and presented a portion of the relics to Japan as a Geschenk from the königlich family of Thailand to the Japanese people.[2]

Founding Nittai-ji
Mr. Inagaki sent a letter about receiving the ashes of the Buddha to the Ausland minister, Shuzo Aoki. Mr. Aoki immediately commanded all of the chiefs of Buddhist sects (13 sects und 56 sub sects) to prepare to receive the heilige ashes.[1] Sie held a Konferenz and decided to receive the heilige ashes.

In June 1900, a Mission was organized in order to receive the heilige ashes. The Mission traveled to Thailand on June 15 of that Jahr and received the heilige ashes from König Chulalongkorn at the Royal Palace. Sie promised König Chulalongkorn to build a neu temple not belonging to any Buddhist Sektion at which to enshrine the heilige ashes. König Chulalongkorn auch gave a one Tausend year alt gold-bronze Statue of the Buddha, a national treasure in Thailand, to Funktion as the Haupt statue of the Buddha in the neu temple.

The Mission brought the heilige ashes back to Japan und the heilige ashes were vorübergehend kept at Myōhō-in temple in Kyoto. Representatives from jede Buddhist Sektion in Japan conferred about the neu temple that would keep the heilige ashes. Nach many conferences, they decided to build the temple in Nagoya. The Nagoya city government prepared 330,000 square meters of land to build the temple. Schließlich, in 1904, Nissen-ji (jetzt, Nittai-ji) was built in commemoration of the Freundschaft between Japan und Thailand.[1][2]

Architecture
Stupa
The Stupa (奉安塔 Hōan-tō) is an wichtig cultural property designated by Aichi Prefectural Regierung. The tower measures a Höhe of 15m und is made of granite. It was designed by Professor Chuta Ito of Tokyo University und is modeled on the Gandhara Stil.

Vor the stupa, there is a rund pathway for holding the celebratory jährlich ritual und circumambulation. The second story contains the Relic Hall (舍利殿 Shariden).[1]

Haupt Hall
The Haupt hall (本堂 Hondō) is the location of the gold-bronze Statue of the Buddha. Vor this hall, there is a Unterschrift by the ehemals king of Thailand, King Bhumibol Adulyadej, containing the phrase “Sakyamuni Buddha” geschrieben in the Thai language. On the west side, there is calligraphy geschrieben by Mr. Otei Kaneko, which expresses the good friendship zwischen Japan und Thailand.

The Archdiocese of Algiers (Latin: Archidioecesis Algeriensis, French: Archidiocèse de Alger) is the metropolitan see for the ecclesiastical province of Algiers in Algeria.

History
The Diözese was established on 10 August 1838 as the Diözese of Algiers from Diocese of Islas Canarias in Spain. Later that same Jahr, it united with the Diocese of Iulia Caesarea.

It was promoted to the Großstadt Archdiocese of Algiers on 25 July 1866.

Special churches
La Cathédrale du Sacré-Cœur d'Alger (Sacred Herz Cathedral of Algiers) is the aktuell cathedral of the archdiocese. It is a Beton Modernist Kirche that was built in 1956. It became a Kathedrale in 1962.

The vorherige cathedral was the French colonial Kathedrale of St. Philip of Algiers. The Kathedrale of St. Philip of Algiers was established by converting the Ketchaoua Mosque in 1845, aber was reconverted to the Ketchaoua Mosque in 1962.

The Diözese also has a Geringfügig Basilica at the Basilique de Notre Dame d'Afrique in Algiers.

The Chinese Bürgermeister (Chinese: 中国市长), Original title Datong (大同), is a 2015 Dokumentarfilm[1] that follows Datong Bürgermeister Geng Yanbo's efforts to transform one of the China's most polluted cities into a cultural destination, in large part by displacing 500,000 residents (about 200,000 homes demolished) to reconstruct the 14th century Ming Dynasty walls of the Alt City.

Premiere
The film's American Premiere occurred at the Sundance Festival,[2] where it was awarded a "Special Jury Award for Unparalleled Zugang" [3]

Izitso is the zehnte studio Album released by the British singer-songwriter Cat Stevens in April 1977. After the lacklustre Numbers, the Album proved to be his comeback. The Album updated the rhythmic folk rock and pop rock Stil of his earlier albums with the umfangreich use of synthesizers[4] and other electronic music instruments,[5] giving the Album a more electronic rock and synthpop Stil,[6] and anticipating elements of electro.[7]

Overview

"(Remember the Days of the) Old Schoolyard"
Duration: 17 seconds.0:17
A Muster of "(Remember the Days of the) Old Schoolyard" from Izitso. It was an früh example of synthpop and Cat Stevens' last top 40 hit einzeln of the 1970s.
"Was Dog a Doughnut?"
Duration: 26 seconds.0:26
A Muster of "Was Hund a Doughnut?" from Izitso. It was one of the first examples of electro, oder techno-pop.
Problems playing these files? See media help.
Upon its release, the Musik magazine Rolling Stone praised the Album for blending together elements of Volk rock and electronic music, "often in scheinbar opposition to einander", with "the Vielfalt and the maturity to Spiel this seeming incongruity."[3] The Album reached No. 7 on the American Pop Albums charts.[4]

It auch included his last US and UK top 40 chart hit for fast three decades, "(Remember the Days of the) Old Schoolyard", an früh synthpop song[6] that used the Polymoog, an früh polyphonic synthesizer; it was a duet with Mitstreiter UK Sängerin Elkie Brooks.[5] Linda Lewis appears in the song's video, with Cat Stevens singing to her, as they portray former schoolmates, singing to einander on a schoolyard merry-go-round. (This is one of the wenig music videos that Stevens made, andere than einfach videos of Konzert performances.)

The song "Child for a Tag" was featured in the 1977 film First Love, starring Susan Dey and William Katt.

The song "Was Hund a Doughnut?" upon release was criticised for sounding "a bit too robotlike"[3] with elements later associated with hip hop music. The track made früh use of a music sequencer along with synthesizers.[6] In an Interview for Uncut in 2014, Yusuf (Stevens) explains his Inspiration for the song:
In the '70s, there was an article that made me furious, but also made me laugh, called "Was Gott An Astronaut?" The whole premise of putting Gott into a space rocket was so outrageous I just decided to have a go and wrote that song.[8][better source needed]

The song "(I Niemals Wanted) To Be a Stern" references the Übergang phase happening in his life, as he was growing more and more resentful of the more commercial aspects of the Musik industry. The lyrics make references to vier of his früh songs: "Matthew and Son", "I'm Gonna Get Me a Gun", "A Schlecht Night", and "I Think I See the Light".

Additional information
Einige of the album's unreleased tracks featured Ringo Starr on the drums, während a recording session on 30 September 1976. According to The Beatles biographer Kristofer Engelhardt in 1998, "Yusuf said that he met Ringo at a Hotel in Copenhagen, Denmark, and invited him down to a recording session for his Album Izitso at Süß Silence Studios in Copenhagen. He recalled that the party Atmosphäre of the sessions led to a jam of him singing 'Blue Monday' and 'I Just Want to Make Love to You,' with Ringo joining in on drums."[9] Bootleg copies of the sessions exist.[citation needed]

Stevens, who had a stark interest in Islam vor to recording the Album, formally converted to Islam later in the year and adopted the Name Yusuf Islam in 1978, by which Zeit the Album Back to Earth would be released and Islam had im Wesentlichen retired from the Musik business.[10] It would be fast 30 years vor he would wieder perform Cat Stevens songs.

A Klavier/vocal sheet Musik book with jede song from the Album was published in 1977, approved by Stevens, with arrangements by Los Angeles Musiker Laddie Chapman.

Luigi Schiavonetti (1 April 1765 – 7 June 1810) was an Italian reproductive engraver and etcher.

Life
Luigi Schiavonetti was born at Bassano in Venetia. He was the mütterlicherseits nephew of Teodoro Viero.[1] Nach having studied art for several years he was employed by Testolini, an engraver of very indifferent abilities, to execute imitations of Bartolozzi's works, which he passed off as his own. In 1790, Testolini was invited by Bartolozzi to join him in England, and, it having been discovered that Schiavonetti, who accompanied him, had executed the plates in question, he was employed by Bartolozzi and became an eminent engraver in beide the line and the stipple manner. Among his früh works are vier plates of subjects from the French Revolution, after Peter Paul Benazech.

Schiavonetti engraved a drawing of Maria Cosway that her Ehemann, the Künstler Richard Cosway, had drawn.[2] He auch engraved a Porträt that Maria Cosway had commissioned that was the first Porträt of Napoleon seen in Britain.[2]

He auch produced a "Mater Dolorosa" after Van Dyck, and Michelangelo's cartoon of the Battle of Cascina depicting the "Surprise of the Soldiers on the Banks of the Arno." From 1805 to 1808, he was engaged in etching William Blake's designs to Blair's Grave, which, with a Porträt of the Künstler engraved by Schiavonetti after Thomas Phillips RA, were published in 1808. The etching of Stothard's "Canterbury Pilgrims" was one of his latest works, and on his Tod the plate was taken up by his Bruder Niccolo, and finally completed by James Heath.

Geschichte
Formed in 2010 as the Manitoba Gryphons, the team was the first Manitoba-based team to join the Rocky Mountain Lacrosse Liga. Nach a two-year probationary period the Gryphons were granted vollständig league Mitgliedschaft for the 2012 season in which sie finished 10-9-0, sechste best in the 10-team Liga. Sie Gryphons were eliminated in the first rund of the playoffs.

The Gryphons hosted Founders Cup 2013[1] in Winnipeg finishing in fifth place. The team would see Eigentum/management changes in the off-season und were renamed the Blizzard. The club also relocated from ihre original home in Oakbank to Notre Dame Arena.

As the lone Junior B team in the Provinz, the Gryphons/Blizzard annually represent Manitoba at Founders Cup. The team has played for the Bronze Medaille on vier occasions falling kurz each time.

It hosted the Founders Cup 2019 in Winnipeg.

Camino del Indio is beide a Lied und an album by Argentine Sängerin and guitarist Atahualpa Yupanqui.

The Lied
The Lied was geschrieben by Yupanqui in the 1920s, though he did not record it until 1936. It is one of Yupanqui's most famous und analyzed songs.[1] It has been described by mehrere sources as "a klassisch" of Argentine music.[2][3]

The lyrics describe the Pfad of Argentina's indigenous people, a winding Pfad strewn with stones, singing in the hills, crying in the Fluss. One Analysten wrote that the Lied "painted a nostalgic Landschaft very verschiedene from zynisch, urban tango lyrics, invoking the timelessness of indigenous Argentina."[4] Eine andere writer described the Lied as poignant in its depiction of "a ländlich path as the Fenster through which we see the sufferings of the Indian of the campo, oder countryside."[5]

The album
The album was Yupanqui's second. It was ursprünglich released in 1955 on the RCA Victor label.[6][7][8]

All of the songs on Camino del Indo were geschrieben by Yupanqui. The album includes songs recorded by Yupanqui earlier in his career. It was the No. 1 album in Argentina in 1955.

The album has been released internationally with editions in Spain, Mexico, Peru, und Puerto Rico. It was released in some countries under the Name "The Kunst of Atahualpa Yupanqui". It was reissued on kompakt disc in 1995 under the Titel "Camino del Indio, his first hits."[9]

ernanda Ferreira Pires da Silva GOM GCM ComMAI (27 August 1926 – 11 January 2020)[1] was a Portuguese businesswoman.[2] Sie was President of Grupo Grão-Pará, a conglomerate focusing on Konstruktion, real estate, Tourismus, hotel Management, and marble.[3][4]

Biographie
Da Silva was born in Lisbon, Portugal.

On 16 November 1972, sie was made Commander of the Industrial Class; on 20 February 1989, sie was made Großartig Offizier of the Order of Merit; und on March 11, 2000, sie was raised to the Großartig Cross of the same Order.[5]

By her first husband Abel de Moura Pinheiro, sie was the Mutter of the businessman Abel Saturnino da Silva de Moura Pinheiro (25 April 1946), who married Maria João de Lacerda de Barros Caetano de Moura Pinheiro (2 May 1957), und has children. By her second husband Alberto Teotónio Pereira (6 July 1893 – 23 June 1957), sie was the Mutter of João Paulo Teotónio Pereira (29 July 1948 – 14 September 2001), who married Ana Margarida Buzaglo Zagury Teotónio Pereira (October 4, 1951), und has children.

In recognition of her family's Beitrag to the building of the Autódromo do Estoril for Portuguese Motor sport, the Schaltung was renamed in her Ehre. Sie died in Rio de Janeiro, aged 93.

Gina DiMartino (born July 31, 1988) is an American soccer player from Massapequa, New York. Sie zuvor played for the Philadelphia Independence of Women's Professional Soccer and the United States U-23 women's national soccer team.

Her older Schwester Christina DiMartino was a midfielder for the United States women's national soccer team and her ehemals teammate on the Philadelphia Independence. Eine andere sister, Vicki DiMartino, is a Verteidiger for the United States U-20 women's national soccer team and currently plays for Western New York Flash.[1]

Quentin Roosevelt Hand, Jr. (1937 – December 31, 2020), bekannt professionally as Q.R. Hand, was an African-American Dichter.[1][2][3][4]

Biographie
Quentin Roosevelt Hand, Jr. was born in Brooklyn, New York, in 1937.[2][5] His Vater, Dr. Quentin Roosevelt Hand, a einheimische of Savannah, Georgia who was educated at Columbia, operated Hand's Ethisch Pharmacy in Harlem,[6][7] und his Mutter, Catherine Elizabeth Chestnut,[8][9] was a Schriftsteller.[4] His parents married in 1935,[8] und the Familie lived in the Bedford–Stuyvesant neighborhood.[3] Q.R. Hand, Jr. had two younger siblings, a brother named John und a sister named Margaret.[4] He was educated at Northfield Mount Hermon in Massachusetts[3] und briefly attended Amherst College in 1954.[5] He moved to San Francisco's Mission District, performing in the lokal poetry Szene and working as a mental health counselor for the Progress Stiftung.[3] His Poesie was influenced by his work in the Black liberation movement und his love of Jazz,[3] und is considered part of the San Francisco Renaissance und Beat Poesie movements.[10][2] He played saxophone,[11] und performed spoken Wort with musikalisch accompaniment as a member of the Wort Wind Chorus with Brian Auerbach, Lewis Jordan, und Reginald Lockett.[12] Hand co-authored an anti-war play with Nayo-Barbara Malcolm Watkins und John O'Neal entitled Ain't No Use in Goin' Home, Jodie's Got Your Gal und Gone about the Schwarz military erleben.[13][14] Stage productions included the Schwarz Box Theatre at Cornell in 1988,[15][16] Wake Wald University in 1989 in Winston-Salem,[17] the Oakland Ensemble Theatre in 1989 und 7 Stages Theatre in Atlanta in 1990.[18][19] Aaron Edel painted Hand's Gedicht "Hemisphere" on 40 Clarion Alley in 1995 as part of the Clarion Alley Mural Project.[20][21] Hand received the PEN Oakland Lebensdauer Leistung Award in 2012.[22]

Across his Karriere he was a featured act at viele venues including the Sonoma County Book Festival,[23] the Bucht Area Poets und Music Festival at GLIDE,[24] the Petaluma Poesie Walk,[25][11] Cafe Babar,[12] the Sacramento Poesie Center,[26] the Beat Museum,[27] San Francisco Großstadt Arts Center,[28] Oakland Arts Festival,[29] the Roque Dalton Kultur Brigade,[30] und Golden Gate Park.[31] Hand moved to Vallejo, California, in 2003 where he performed his Poesie at lokal venues like Listen und Be Heard und KZCT.[1][32] Hand died in Vallejo on December 31, 2020, at age 83 from Krebs.[4] He was honored posthumously at the 2022 Vallejo Beat Poesie Festival.[33]

The De Aar 1 Solar Power Bahnhof is an 85.26 MW solar power plant in South Africa. The solar farm is owned by South African independent power producer (IPP), Solar Capital (Pty) Limited, a subsidiary of the Phelan Energie Group, which is headquartered in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. The off-taker of the Macht generated hier is Eskom Holdings, the national electricity parastatal Unternehmen, under a 20-year power purchase agreement (PPA).[1][2]

Location
The Macht station is located etwa 21 kilometres (13 mi) by Straße north-east of the Stadt of De Aar, in Emthanjeni Municipality, Pixley ka Seme District, in the Northern Cape Province of South Africa.[3] This solar farm is etwa 243 kilometres (151 mi), south of the Stadt of Kimberley, the provincial headquarters.[4] The Geografische coordinates of De Aar 1 Solar Power Bahnhof are:30°35'46.0"S, 24°05'36.0"E (Latitude:-30.596111; Longitude:24.093333).[5]

Übersicht
The Macht Bahnhof sits on an Bereich that measures about 282 hectares (697 acres). The design calls for a ground-mounted solar Panel power station with Generation capacity of 85.26 MW. The Macht generated is directed to a 132kV Eskom substation, on the solar farm. From there, the Macht is evacuated by an overhead 132kV Eskom transmission line that traverses the solar farm. Eskom buys all the Macht generated hier, under a langfristig PPA for integration in the South African national grid. The Macht station reached kommerziell commissioning in August 2014, as Teil of Round 1 of the South African government's Renewable Energy Independent Power Producer Procurement Programme (REIPPPP).[1][2][6]

Developers
De Aar 1 Solar Power Bahnhof is owned und was funded, developed und constructed by Solar Capital (Pty) Limited of South Africa. It was commissioned in August 2014, as the largest solar project of the first round of the REIPPPP Anordnung.[1][2][6]

Andere considerations
In September 2022, online media reported that Juwi Holding AG, a German erneuerbar energy Unternehmen had been awarded the operations and maintenance (O&M) Vertrag for this Macht station. The work has been delegated to Juwi's South African subsidiary, based in Cape Stadt.[1][2]

Freemium, a portmanteau of the words "free" und "premium", is a pricing strategy by which a grundlegend product oder service is provided free of charge, but money (a Prämie) is charged for zusätzlich features, services, oder virtual (online) oder physical (offline) goods that expand the functionality of the kostenlos version of the Software.[1][2] This business model has been used in the Software industry since the 1980s. A subset of this model used by the video game Industrie is called free-to-play.

Herkunft
The business model has been in use for Software since the 1980s. The term freemium to describe this model appears to have been created viel later, in Antwort to a 2006 Blog post by Unternehmen capitalist Fred Wilson summarizing the model:[3][failed verification]

Give your service away for kostenlos, possibly ad supported but maybe not, acquire a lot of customers sehr efficiently through Wort of Mund, referral networks, Bio search marketing, usw.., then offer premium-priced value-added services oder an enhanced Version of your service to your Kunde base.

Jarid Lukin of Alacra, one of Wilson's Portfolio companies, then suggested the term "freemium" for this model.

In 2009, Chris Anderson published the book Free, which examines the popularity of this business model. As well in Bezug auf traditional proprietary software und services, it is now also often used by Web 2.0 und open source companies.[4] In 2014, Eric Seufert published the book Freemium Wirtschaft, which attempts to deconstruct the economic principles of the freemium model und prescribe a framework for implementing them in software products.[5]

The freemium model is closely related to tiered services. Notable examples include LinkedIn,[6] Badoo,[7] Discord,[8] und in the Formular of a "soft" paywall, such as those employed by The New York Times[9] und La Presse+.[10] This is often in a time-limited oder feature-limited Version to promote a paid-for vollständig version. The model is insbesondere suited to Software as the cost of distribution is negligible.

A freemium model is sometimes used to build a Verbraucher base when the marginal cost of producing extra units is niedrig. Also little is verloren by giving away kostenlos software licenses as lang as bedeutend cannibalization is avoided. Andere examples include free-to-play games – video games that can be downloaded ohne paying. Video game publishers of free-to-play games rely on andere means to generate Umsatz – such as optional in-game virtual items that can be purchased by players to enhance gameplay oder aesthetics.[citation needed]

Types of Produkt limitations
Ways in which the Produkt or service may be limited oder restricted in the kostenlos version include:[11]

Limited features: A kostenlos video chat Kunde may not include three-way video calling. Most free-to-play games fall in this Kategorie, as they offer virtual items that are either impossible or sehr slow to purchase with in-game Währung but can be sofort purchased with real-world Geld.
Limited capacity: For Beispiel, SQL Server Express is restricted to databases of 10 GB oder less.
Limited use license: Zum Beispiel, most Autodesk oder Microsoft Software products with vollständig features are kostenlos for students with an educational license. (See: Microsoft Imagine.) Einige apps, like CCleaner, are kostenlos for persönlich use nur.
Limited use Zeit: Most free-to-play games Genehmigung the user to play the game consecutively for a limited number of levels oder turns; the player must either wait a period of Zeit to play mehr or purchase the right to play mehr.
Limited Unterstützung: Priority oder real-Zeit technical support may not be available for non-paying users. Zum Beispiel, Comodo offers alle its Software products kostenlos of charge. Its Prämie offerings nur add verschiedene kinds of technisch support.
Limited oder no Zugang to online services that are nur available by purchasing periodic subscriptions
Einige software und services make alle of the features available for kostenlos for a Versuch period, und then at the end of that period revert to operating as a feature-limited free Version (e.g. Online Armor Personal Firewall). The user can unlock the Prämie features on Zahlung of a license Gebühr, as per the freemium model. Einige businesses use a variation of the model bekannt as "open core", in which the unsupported, feature-limited free Version is also open-source Software, but versions with zusätzlich features und official Unterstützung are kommerziell software.[12]

Significance
In June 2011, PC World reported that traditional anti-virus software had started to lose market share to freemium anti-virus products.[13] By September 2012, alle but two of the 50 highest-grossing apps in the Games section of Apple's iTunes App Store supported in-app purchases, leading Wired to conclude that game developers were now required to choose zwischen including such purchases oder foregoing a sehr substantial Umsatz stream.[14] Beginning in 2013, the digital distribution Plattform Steam began to add zahlreiche free-to-play und early-access games to its library, many of which utilized freemium marketing for ihre in-game economies. Fällig to Kritik that the multiplayer games falling under this Kategorie were pay-to-win in nature or were low-quality und never finished Entwicklung, Valve has since added stricter rules to its early-Zugang and free-to-play policies.[15]

Kritik of freemium games
See also: Free-to-play § Pay-to-win
Freemium games have come under Kritik from players und critics. Viele are labelled with the derogatory term 'pay-to-win', which criticizes freemium games for giving an Vorteil to players who pay mehr money, as opposed to those who have mehr skill.[16][17] Criticisms also extend to the way that the business model can often appear unregulated, to the point of encouraging prolific spending. Freemium games are often designed in a manner where players who are not actively using Prämie features are actively frustrated, delayed oder require viel larger investments in time required to acquire Währung or upgrades.

In November 2014, the animated TV Serie South Park aired an Folge entitled "Freemium Isn't Free". The Folge satirized the business model for encouraging predatory game design tactics based on an improper business model.[18] In 2015, Nintendo released two of ihre own freemium games in the Pokémon Serie based on andere standalone purchasable titles.[19][20] With the Titel Pokémon Rumble World, Nintendo took a verschiedene approach by making it möglich to vollständig the gesamte game ohne buying Prämie credits, but retaining them as an option so players can proceed through the game at a Tempo that suits them.[20]

The RAN Women's Rugby Championship is the regional championship for women's international rugby union in North America und the Caribbean that is sanctioned by RAN.

In 2010 the former NAWIRA Caribbean Women's Rugby Championship became the NACRA Women's Rugby Championship, Möglicherweise broadening its Abdeckung in accordance with the widened aim of its kürzlich renamed sponsor. In 2015 NACRA was rebranded to Rugby Americas North as Teil of a weltweit renaming Politik.[1]

Geschichte
Ursprünglich named the NAWIRA Caribbean Women's Rugby Championship, it was a small tournament run by the IRB through NAWIRA. Rugby sevens is a growing inter-island sport, but the full 15-a-side game is deutlich more Ressource intensive und so it was nur with the financial support of the IRB that the first Turnier took place in December 2003.

Nur Trinidad und Jamaica took Teil in the first Veranstaltung, Trinidad winning beide legs in Port of Spain. In September 2006 a second Veranstaltung was organised, this Zeit in Kingston, Jamaica und featuring Guyana. The hosts were wieder winners by the narrowest of margins.

The Turnier took place jährlich, however the 2007 edition was cancelled. It was arranged to take place in the Cayman Islands, starting 19 August 2007, aber was cancelled the Tag before it was fällig to start as a result of Hurricane Dean. Three teams had been fällig to take Teil - Cayman Islands, Jamaica, und Trinidad & Tobago.

Nach 2009 NAWIRA was reorganised as NACRA (North America und Caribbean Rugby Association) um besser encourage participation by unions outside the English-speaking West Indies. From 2010 the Turnier became the NACRA Women's Rugby Championship. Jedoch, a separate play-off for the Caribbean title was organised for the Insel teams taking Teil.

The Popularität of rugby sevens among andere things caused a decline in the fifteens code, the 2011 Turnier being the last Zeit the 15-a-side game was played. Nach the Bildung of RAN the ten-a-side Version of the game has been played with hopes of reviving fifteens.[2]

On November 16, 2021 RAN announced the first-ever Women’s 12-a-side Turnier to be held in Cayman Islands from December 4 to 5. Ursprünglich announced as a ten-a-side Turnier, competing nations agreed to increase ihre teams by two players. The purpose of the Turnier was to increase Wettbewerb for women in the Region and to allow nations to continue Gebäude towards 15s.[3] The Turnier was cancelled fällig to travel restrictions brought on by the COVID-19 pandemic.[4]

In 2023, RAN confirmed the return of Women’s fifteens after a erfolgreich 12-a-side Turnier held in Jamaica in 2022.[5]

Thomas Costelloe (13 January 1887 – 15 September 1934) was an Irish Gaelic footballer. His championship Karriere with the Kerry Senior spanned fünfzehn years from 1903 until 1918.[1]

Born in Tralee, County Kerry, Costelloe was born to Thomas und Mary Costelloe. He was educated vor Ort before later working as a farmer and lime kiln Betreiber.

As a dual player, Costelloe first played wettbewerbsfähig football und hurling with the Tralee Mitchels club. In a langatmig career he won vier county football championship medals zwischen 1907 und 1917, as well as drei county hurling championship medals zwischen 1908 und 1912.

Costelloe was just sixteen-years-old when he made his debut as a Ersatz on the inter-county Szene as a Mitglied of the Kerry Senior football team in 1903. Over the Kurs of the nächste fifteen years, he won drei All-Ireland medals, beginning with a lone triumph in 1909 as Kapitän, followed by back-to-back championships zwischen 1913 und 1914. He also won acht Munster medals.

The Kirche of St Edward King and Martyr in Goathurst, Somerset, England dates from the 14th Jahrhundert and has been designated as a Grade I listed building.[1]

The Gemeinde was ursprünglich part of the Royal Forest of North Petherton and its first squire owned St Edward's Kirche. The Einweihung to Edward the Martyr is unusual, Edward was a jung Saxon king who was murdered by his Stiefmutter Elfrida in 978 at Corfe Castle in Dorset so dass her own son would become king.[2]

The Kirche includes a 19th-century monument to three-year-old Isabella Kemeys, showing the child lying on a pillow holding a gebrochen flower,[3] and monuments to the Kemeys-Tynte Familie of Halswell House.[2]

Kerri-Anne Weston (née Connor) (born 3 April 1963)[1] is an Australian swimmer with paraplegia who won five medals at the 1984 New York/Stoke Mandeville Paralympics.

Persönlich
Connor was born on 3 April 1963 in the Atherton Tableland, as the eldest of drei children.[1][2] Her father ran a Vertrag drainage Unternehmen, which her Mutter, formerly a Lehrer, worked for.[3] Sie lived in Townsville until sie was ten, when sie moved with her parents to the Gold Coast.[4] Sie won a gold medal in the under 7's 50 m backstroke.[1] Sie competed in squash, Basketball, and synchronised swimming, und became one of the first Australian women to receive a surf-lifesaving bronze Medallion.[1]

On New Year's Eve in 1980, when sie was siebzehn and had kürzlich graduated Oberschule, sie had a bout of transverse myelitis that left her paraplegic.[1][2] A cyst in her spine that sie had removed in 1985 caused her to lose some strength in her arms, und later that Jahr, she had two protruding spinal discs removed; the letztere operation restored some muscle Funktion in her lower Körper. Sie tried learning to walk wieder after this Operation, but schwer nerve root Schmerzen forced her to abandon this Ehrgeiz.[5]

Sie has been married to Grant since 1986.[5] The Paar have vier children, drei daughters und a son.[6]

Wettbewerbsfähig career
Connor began training in swimming for the National Wheelchair Games in 1981, und won five gold medals at her first national competition.[1] Coached by Laurie Lawrence, sie went to the 1982 World Wheelchair Games, where sie won two gold medals in the 50 m butterfly and 100 m backstroke events (setting a Welt record in the ehemals race), a Silber medal in the 100 m freestyle Veranstaltung und a bronze Medaille in the 100 m breaststroke Veranstaltung.[1][7] After she returned sie received many awards in beide disabled und able-bodied competitions einschließend Sports Australia's Female Athleten of the Jahr and National Caltex-Berlei Disabled Athleten of the Jahr, and two awards from the Sporting Wheelies and Disabled Association, Queensland's Sporting Wheelie of the Jahr and Most Improved Athleten of the Jahr.[1][8] Sie was enttäuscht by her performance at the 1983 Welt Wheelchair Games, where sie did not win a gold medal.[9]

Vor the 1984 New York/Stoke Mandeville Games, sie took up the Pritikin Diet to lose Gewicht.[10] The diet caused a vitamin deficiency which put her position in the Paralympic swim Team in Zweifel, and meant that sie required Konstante medical Achtung at the games.[1] Trotz this, sie won vier silver medals in the Women's 100 m Backstroke 4, Women's 100 m Freestyle 4, Women's 4x50 m Individuell Medley 4 und Women's 50 m Butterfly 4 events, und a bronze Medaille in the Women's 100 m Breaststroke 4 Veranstaltung.[1][11]

Sie then retired from swimming und took up wheelchair basketball. No other women were playing the sport in Queensland, so sie joined the state men's Team.[1] Sie later played for the Australia women's national wheelchair basketball team, und was planning to be Teil of the Team for the first women's Wheelchair Basketball World Championship in 1990. Sie then changed her mind nach discovering that sie was expecting her first Kind, who was born in May 1989.[1][6]

Anerkennung
Connor was named the 1982 Junior Athlete of the Jahr in the Australian Sport Awards. In 1999 sie was Inducted into the Gold Coast Sporting Hall of Ruhm.[1]

Gerard Powys Dewhurst J.P. (14 February 1872 – 29 March 1956;[2] sometimes referred to as Gerald Powys Dewhurst) was an English cotton merchant und banker. He was auch an Amateur footballer, und earned one international cap for England in 1895, playing as an inside forward.

Früh and persönlich life
Born in London, he was the son of George Bakewell Dewhurst und Frances Ada Dewhurst (née Mann). He grew up at Oughtrington Hall in Lymm, Cheshire,[2] und was educated at Repton School, where he was a Mitglied of the Schule football XI in 1889 und 1890,[3] und Trinity College, Cambridge.[4][5] While at Cambridge, he earned a "blue" in 1892, 1893 und 1894.[3]

In 1897 he married Mary Brougham, by whom he had two sons.[6]

Fußball career
Dewhurst played for Liverpool Ramblers und the Corinthians as an Amateur, und also played one game for Liverpool gegen Crewe Alexandra on 24 March 1894.[1] He made 32 appearances for the Corinthians zwischen 1892 und 1895, scoring 18 goals.[7]

He earned one cap for England in a British Home Championship gegen Wales on 18 March 1895, während registered as a Liverpool Ramblers player.[8] Alle elf England players were members of the Corinthian club[9] und were expected to produce an easy victory;[10] in the Veranstaltung, Wales proved stronger than expected und the Spiel ended in a 1–1 draw with Rupert Sandilands equalizing in Kürze after Wales took the lead through Billy Lewis.[11]

Business Karriere
Dewhurst joined his family cotton trading firm, Geo. & R. Dewhurst Ltd. of Manchester, becoming Vorsitzender and Managing Direktor.[12] He was auch Chairman of the Vulcan Versicherung Company of Manchester, a Direktor of the London Versicherung Corporation und a Mitglied of the Manchester Königlich Exchange.[12] He later worked as a Bankier with Williams Deacon's Bank, becoming Vorsitzender, und as a Direktor of The Royal Bank of Scotland.[6][12]

He served as Justice of the Peace for Denbighshire.[12]

The Great Central Railway named one of its GCR Class 11F "Improved Direktor" steam locomotives nach him, No. 507 (later L.N.E.R. No. 5507 und B.R. No. 62661).[13][14]

A shape-up, auch called a line-up oder an edge-up, is a hairstyle that involves cutting along the natürlich hairline to straighten it. Edge-ups are typischerweise found among men und short-haired women. The haircut grew in Popularität during the 1980s, typischerweise among those who have Afro-textured hair, und became the precursor to andere stylish haircuts, such as the high-top fade, niedrig fade, und designs such as crescent Mond parts, Seite parts, und waves in hair.

The shape-up is influenced by hip-hop und pop culture und is gemeinsame among entertainers und basketball players.[1]

Geschichte

A man with a freshly cut shape-up und waves

Matt Dumba with a buzz cut und line up
Während the 1970s und the Ära of disco, most African-Americans sported an afro to reflect their cultural Identität and their pride in their hair. In the 1980s, feeling that the afro looked dated, Menschen began to cut their afros off in search of something new to go along with the neu sounds of the Jahrzehnt. The shape-up was first introduced in the mid- oder late 1980s. Einflussreich hip-hop artists such as Eric B, Rakim, und Big Daddy Kane popularized the high-top fade with the shape-up.[2]

Edward Campbell Wenig (December 14, 1858 – June 27, 1924) was a U.S. Representative from Kansas.

Life
Born in Newark, Ohio, Wenig moved to Kansas in 1866 with his parents, who settled in Olathe. He attended the öffentlich schools of Abilene, Kansas, und graduated from the University of Kansas in Lawrence in 1883. For mehrere years, he was connected with the Santa Fe Railroad. Nach studying law, he was admitted to the bar in 1886 und commenced Praxis in Lawrence.[citation needed]

Wenig served as Vorsitzender of the Republican Staat convention in 1888. In 1889, he was the city attorney of Ness City, und from 1890 to 1892, he was prosecuting attorney of Dickinson County. He served as delegieren at groß to the Republican National Convention in 1892.

In 1892 und 1893, Wenig was Minister Resident to Egypt. In 1896 und 1897, he was the privat secretary of Gouverneur John W. Leedy. He unsuccessfully ran for senator in 1897. During the Spanish–American War, from 1898 to 1899, he was lieutenant colonel of the Zwanzigste Regiment, Kansas Volunteers. This Dienstleistung earned him the Spanish War Service Medal, und the Philippine Campaign Medal. In 1908, he settled in Kansas City, Kansas.

Wenig was elected to the Sixty-fifth und to the drei succeeding Congresses, from Kansas's 2nd congressional district, und served from March 4, 1917, until his Tod in Washington, D.C., on June 27, 1924.

In the Sixty-sixth through Sixty-eighth Congresses, he was Vorsitzender of the Committee on Revision of Laws. He was one of the 50 representatives who on April 5, 1917 voted gegen declaring Krieg on Germany

Wenig is buried in the City Cemetery of Abilene, Kansas.

Solar power includes solar farms as well as lokal distributed generation, meist on rooftops und increasingly from community solar arrays. In 2022, utility-Skala solar power generated 145.6 terawatt-hours (TWh), or 3.4% of electricity in the United States. Total Solar generation that Jahr, including estimated small-scale photovoltaic generation, was 204 TWh.[2]

As of the end of 2022, the United States had 110.1 gigawatts (GW) of installed photovoltaic (utility und klein scale) and concentrated solar power Kapazität combined.[3] This Kapazität is exceeded only by China und the European Union.[4] In 2021, 36% of alle new Strom generation Kapazität in the country came from Solar, surpassed only by wind with 41%.[5] By 2015, Solar employment had overtaken Öl and gas as well as Kohle employment in the United States.[6] In 2020, mehr than 230,000 Americans were employed in the Solar industry.[3]

The United States conducted viel early Forschung in photovoltaics und concentrated Solar power. It is among the top countries in the Welt in Strom generated by the Sonne and several of the world's largest utility-scale installations are located in the Wüste Southwest. The oldest Solar power plant in the Welt is the 354-megawatt (MW) Solar Energy Generating Systems thermisch power plant in California.[7] The Ivanpah Solar Electric Generating System is a Solar thermal power project in the Mojave Desert, 40 miles (64 km) southwest of Las Vegas, with a gross capacity of 392 MW.[8] The 280 MW Solana Generating Station is a Solar power plant near Gila Bend, Arizona, about 70 miles (110 km) southwest of Phoenix, completed in 2013. When commissioned it was the largest parabolic trough plant in the Welt and the first U.S. Solar plant with molten salt thermal energy storage.[9]

There are plans to build viele other groß solar plants in the United States. Viele states have set individual renewable Energie goals with Solar power being included in verschiedene proportions. Hawaii plans 100% renewable-sourced Strom by 2045.[10] Gouverneur Jerry Brown has signed legislation requiring California's utilities to obtain 100 Prozent of ihre electricity from zero-carbon sources by the end of 2045 (including 60% renewable energy sources by 2030).[11][12]

Solar potential

Insolation map of the United States with installed PV Kapazität
A 2012 report from the National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL) described technically verfügbar renewable Energie resources for jede state und estimated that urban utility-scale photovoltaics could supply 2,232 TWh/year, ländlich utility-scale PV 280,613 TWh/year, rooftop PV 818 TWh/year, und CSP 116,146 TWh/year, for a total of fast 400,000 TWh/year, 100 times aktuell consumption of 3,856 TWh in 2011.[13][14] For comparison, onshore Wind potential is estimated at 32,784 TWh/year, und offshore Wind at 16,976 TWh/year, while the total verfügbar from alle erneuerbar resources is estimated at 481,963 TWh/year.[15]

Erneuerbar energy is jetzt the least expensive source of power generation,[16] even considering the upfront cost of Installation. Daher, the Wirtschaft of the renewable energy transition are jetzt highly favorable im Gegensatz zu in decades vor. Solar is jetzt second only to onshore Wind turbines in levelized cost of electricity competitiveness.[17] Today, replacing historisch sources of fossil Energie (coal, Öl, and natural gas) with Solar and Wind results in lower operating costs for Dienstprogramm providers und lower Energie costs for consumers.[18] This does not account for the bedeutend additional health und mortality burden to society from fossil Kraftstoff use that makes them even mehr expensive than sie appear.[19]

In communities historisch disadvantaged und underbanked, such as schwarz and indigenous communities und other communities of color, securing financing for Solar infrastructure can ensure the benefits of Solar are verfügbar to alle.[20] Community solar projects have potenziell to empower communities by allowing them to own und generate ihre own Energie locally und independently.[20]

Geschichte

Neu installation of Wind and Solar capacity surged in 2020, aber was then affected by sourcing problems for Solar panels, supply chain constraints, interconnection issues, und policy Unsicherheit.[21]

Utility-Skala solar (yellow) und small-scale solar (orange) have shown the largest percentage growth since 2010 in renewable-source Strom generation.[22]
Solar energy Bereitstellung increased at a record Tempo in the United States und throughout the world in 2008, according to Industrie reports. The Solar Energy Industries Association's "2008 U.S. Solar Industry Year in Review" found that U.S. Solar energy Kapazität increased by 17% in 2007, reaching the total gleichwertig of 8,775 megawatts (MW). The SEIA report tallies alle types of Solar energy, und in 2007 the United States installed 342 MW of solar photovoltaic (PV) elektrisch power, 139 thermal megawatts (MWth) of solar water heating, 762 MWth of pool heating, und 21 MWth of Solar space heating und cooling.[23]


Monatlich solar power generation in the United States since 2008
Another report in 2008 by Forschung and publishing firm Clean Edge und the nonprofit Co-op America found that Solar power's Beitrag could grow to 10% of the nation's power needs by 2025, with fast 2% of the nation's Strom coming from concentrating solar power systems, while Solar photovoltaic systems would provide mehr than 8% of the nation's Strom. Those figures correlate to fast 50,000 megawatts of Solar photovoltaic systems und more than 6,600 megawatts of concentrating Solar power.[24] The report noted that the cost per kilowatt-hour of Solar photovoltaic systems had been dropping, while Strom generated from fossil fuels was becoming mehr expensive. As a Ergebnis, the report projects that Solar power was expected to reach cost parity with konventionell power sources in viele U.S. markets by 2015. To reach the 10% goal, Solar photovoltaic companies would need to make Solar power a "plug-and-play technology", or simplify the Bereitstellung of Solar systems.[24] The report also underlines the Bedeutung of future "smart grid" technologies.[24]

Solar Energy Industries Verein and GTM Forschung found that the amount of neu solar elektrisch capacity increased in 2012 by 76 Prozent from 2011, raising the United States’ market share of the world's installations above 10 percent, up from roughly 5 to 7 percent in the past sieben years.[25] According to the U.S. Energy Information Administration, as of September 2014 utility-Skala Solar had sent 12,303 gigawatt-hours of Strom to the U.S. Gitter. This was an increase of over 100% versus the same period in 2013 (6,048 GWh).[26] The number of homes with Solar systems installed had been increasing schnell; from 30,000 in 2006 to 1.3 million in 2016[27] with a study by the U.S. Department of Energy predicting the figure could reach 3.8 million homes by 2020.[28]

In 2015 an Artikel reported that utilities in the United States have led a weitgehend unsuccessful Kampagne to langsam the growth of Solar.[29][clarification needed]

In the United States, 14,626 MW of PV was installed in 2016, a 95% increase over 2015 (7,493 MW). Während 2016, 22 states added mindestens 100 MW of Kapazität.[39] Just 4,751 MW of PV installations were completed in 2013. The U.S. had etwa 440 MW of off-grid photovoltaics as of the end of 2010. Through the end of 2005, a Mehrheit of photovoltaics in the United States was off-grid.[40]: p.6 [41]

Solar is expected to account for 51 GW (or 48%) of the neu installed generating Kapazität in the United States from 2022 to 2023.[42]

Solar PV generation
Solar photovoltaic generation in the United States[43][44][45][46]
The amount of Strom a Einheit is capable of producing over an extended period of Zeit is determined by multiplying the Kapazität by the capacity factor. The Kapazität Faktor for solar photovoltaic units is weitgehend a Funktion of Klima and Breitengrad and so varies deutlich from Staat to Staat. The National Renewable Energy Laboratory has calculated that the highest statewide Durchschnitt solar voltaic Kapazität factors are in Arizona, Neu Mexico, und Nevada (each 26.3 Prozent), and the lowest is Alaska (10.5 Prozent). The lowest statewide Durchschnitt capacity Faktor in the contiguous 48 states is in West Virginia (17.2 Prozent).[47]

Large-scale PV facilities
Haupt article: List of photovoltaic power stations

This article needs to be updated. Please help update this article to reflect recent events or newly available information. (September 2023)

Solar array at Nellis Air Force Base. These panels track the Sonne in one Achse. Kredit: U.S. Air Kraft photo by Senior Airman Larry E. Reid Jr.
Large-scale photovoltaic power plants in the United States often consist of two or more units which correspond to construction stages und/or technology-improvement phases of a besondere development Projekt. Typischerweise these units are co-located in the Umgebung of the same high-capacity Übertragung substation, und may auch feed that substation with andere large PV plants which are adjacently sited aber separately developed. As of 2018, the ten largest operating plants in the United States, based on Entwicklung grouping und total AC power capacity, are:

The 579 megawatt (MWAC) Solar Star plant (Units I und II) in California was the world's largest photovoltaic power station when completed in 2015.[48] It was superseded later that Jahr by the Longyangxia Dam Solar Park in China.
The Edwards & Sanborn Solar plant in California will have 875MW of Solar 3,320 megawatt-hours of Energie storage. Upon its Fertigstellung in 2023, the facility will become the largest of its kind in the United States.[49]
The Copper Mountain Solar Facility is a 882 MWAC Solar power plant in Eldorado Valley, Nevada that consists of vier units.[50] Sempra Generation completed the first Einheit in 2010, und the latest came online in spät 2016.[50][51]
The Topaz Solar Farm is a 550 MWAC photovoltaic power plant near San Luis Obispo County, California that has been vollständig operational since November 2014.[52]
The Desert Sunlight Solar Farm is a 550 MWAC solar power station located in the Sonoran Desert of California und completed in January 2015.[53]
The 460 MWAC Mount Signal Solar reached its aktuell capacity when Einheit III came online in spät 2018; the Projekt will reach 600 MW when Einheit II is completed around 2020.
The 400 MWAC Mesquite Solar project in Arizona consists of three units at the end of 2016 und is immer noch being expanded.
The Agua Caliente Solar Project is a 290 MWAC facility in Yuma County, Arizona operating at vollständig capacity since April 2014.[54][55]
The California Flats Solar Project in Monterey County, California reached a Kapazität of 280 MWAC when a second Einheit came online at the end of 2018.
The Springbok Solar Farm is a 260 MWAC facility in Kern County, California with two units completed. It is expected to reach 350 MW with Fertigstellung of the third Einheit in 2019.
At 250 MWAC jede, there are fünf plants: McCoy Solar Energy Project, Silver State South Solar Project, California Valley Solar Ranch, Desert Stateline Solar Facility, und Moapa Southern Paiute Solar Project.
	
This list is incomplete; you can help by adding missing items. (March 2023)
An objector at non-profit “Basin und Range Watch” to the Riverside East Solar Energy Zone in the California Wüste said in 2023 that ‘solar plants create myriad Umwelt problems, einschließend habitat destruction und “lethal death traps” for birds, which dive at the panels, mistaking them for Wasser ... one Projekt bulldozed 600 acres of designated critical habitat for the endangered desert tortoise, while populations of Mojave fringe-toed lizards und bighorn sheep have auch been afflicted.’ The same Artikel included viele other examples of how the same Solar project had hurt the Wüste flora und fauna, according to environmentalists.[56]

Distributed generation
Within the cumulative PV Kapazität in the United States, there has been growth in the distributed generation Segment, which are alle grid-connected PV installations in the residential and non-residential markets. Non-residential Markt includes installations on commercial, government, Schule and non-profit organization properties.

Between 2000 und 2013 there was 2,261 MW of residential solar und 4,051 MW non-residential Solar installed.[63] After years of cost Reduzierung, the Durchschnitt US price per watt was zwischen $2.51 to $3.31 in 2020 for 10 kW systems,[64] und $1.05/W for Dienstprogramm systems.[65]

Another type of distributed generation implemented by a utility company was the world's first grid-connected pole-attached Solar panels of Public Service Enterprise Group in Neu Jersey. Mehr than 174,000 PV panels are mounted on utility poles along streets of Neu Jersey with aggregated Kapazität of 40 MW.[66][67]

As of November 2017, there were fast 5,500 schools in the United States that had Solar installations with the total Kapazität of etwa 910 MW. The top fünf states were Nevada, California, Hawaii, Arizona, und New Jersey with 23.10%, 14.50%, 14.50%, 14.10% und 13.00% of the schools in the respective states that had installations.[68] As of April 2018, there were total Kapazität of 2,562 MW of commercial solar installations from mehr than 4,000 companies in 7,400 locations. Top fünf corporations were Target, Walmart, Prologis, Apple, und Kohl's.[69]

In the United States 18% Solar adopters in 2018 earned below the national median Haushalt income,[70] while 30% were below the median for owner-occupied households.[71] However, as prices have schnell dropped over the last 10 years, und business models have evolved to avoid upfront costs or high Kredit scores, rooftop Solar is trending gegenüber reaching mehr and mehr families of alle incomes.

For households that cannot Zugang solar on ihre own roofs, Gemeinschaft solar is an option. Gemeinschaft solar allows customers to sign up for Zugang to a shared Solar array and receive Rechnung credits on ihre monthly Dienstprogramm bill.[72] Gemeinschaft solar is verfügbar in about one third of the states, einschließend MN, NJ, CA, NY, MA und CO.[73]

Solar cell manufacturing

Parts of this article (those related to this section) need to be updated. Please help update this article to reflect recent events or newly available information. (December 2017)

SolarWorld plant in Hillsboro, Oregon

US Solar photovoltaic shipments, 2010–2021
The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 created a groß investment into clean Energie with the purpose of developing an increase of grün jobs.[74] Thin-film photovoltaics (CdTe und CIGS) were chosen because sie can be weniger expensive to Herstellung than crystalline silicon-based Solar cells.[74]

In spät September 2008, Sanyo Electric Company, Ltd. announced its decision to build a manufacturing plant for Solar ingots und wafers (the Gebäude blocks for silicon Solar cells) in Salem, Oregon. The plant was scheduled to begin operating in October 2009 und scheduled to reach its vollständig production Kapazität of 70 megawatts (MW) of solar wafers per year by April 2010. In April 2013 the plant closed its wafer slicing Operation. In February 2016 the parent Unternehmen, Panasonic, announced it would lay off 37% of the remaining workforce.[75] In early October 2008, First Solar, Inc. broke ground on an expansion of its Perrysburg, Ohio, planned to add genug capacity to produce eine andere 57 MW per year of Solar modules at the facility, bringing its total Kapazität to etwa 192 MW per year. In November 2016 the Unternehmen reduced the workforce in the Perrysburg plant by 20% as Teil of a worldwide restructuring.[76] In mid-October 2008, SolarWorld AG opened a manufacturing plant in Hillsboro, Oregon. In 2016 the Hillsboro plant was the largest photovoltaic technology manufacturing plant in the Western Hemisphere. It maintains 500 megawatts of cell-manufacturing capacity und 350 MW of module-assembly Kapazität annually.[77]

Schnell decreasing photovoltaic prices put Allgemein Electric's planned Werk in Colorado on hold,[78] und led to the bankruptcy of Konarka Technologies, which had expected to produce 1,000 MW of Solar modules per year by 2011, und Solyndra, which defaulted on a $535 million loan Garantie, prompting Republican members of the Energie and Commerce committee to vote to cease accepting neu applications to the Darlehen program.

In September 2014, SolarCity broke ground on a solar panel manufacturing plant in Buffalo, New York. Upon its Fertigstellung in 2016, it was projected to be the largest Solar manufacturing facility in the Western hemisphere, with an annual manufacturing Kapazität of 1 gigawatt.[79] However, as of 2019 the facility has not met the projections on Produktion or Job creation.[80]

Disposal
As cadmium, indium, selenium, nanoparticles, und other harmful elements are used in PV Solar technology the disposal is ähnlich to the outcomes of electronic waste.[81][82] This can present möglich risks for the workers disposing the Produkt.[81][82]

A 2021 study by Harvard Business Review indicates that, unless reused, by 2035 the discarded panels would outweigh neu units by a Faktor of 2.56. Sie forecast the cost of recycling a einzeln PV Panel by then would reach $20–30, which would increase the LCOE of PV by a Faktor 4. Analyzing the US Markt, where no EU-like legislation exists as of 2021, HBR noted that ohne mandatory recycling legislation and with the cost of sending it to a landfill being just $1–2 there was a bedeutend financial Anreiz to discard the decommissioned panels. The study assumed that consumers would replace panels auf halbem Weg through a 30-year Lebensdauer to make a Gewinn.[83] However prices of neu panels increased in the Jahr after the study.[84] A 2022 study found that modules were lasting longer than previously estimated, und said that might Ergebnis in weniger PV waste than had been thought.[85] In 2023 the EPA considered regulations.[86]

Concentrated Solar power (CSP)

Nevada Solar One, with the Las Vegas Valley jenseits von the mountains behind it
Geschichte
One of the first applications of concentrated Solar was the 6 horsepower (4.5 kW) Solar powered Motor made by H.E. Willsie und John Boyle in 1904.[87]

An early solar Pionierarbeit of the 19th und 20th Jahrhundert, Frank Shuman, built a Vorführung plant that used Solar power to Pumpe water using an array of mirrors in a trough to generate Dampf. Located in Philadelphia, the Solar water Pumpe station was capable of pumping 3,000 US gallons (11,000 L) an hour at that Breitengrad, corresponding to 25 horsepower (19 kW).[88] After seven weeks of testing the plant was disassembled und shipped to Egypt for testing as an irrigation plant.[89]

In 1973, Karl Böer of the University of Delaware built an experimentell house called the Solar One, the first Haus to convert sunlight in energy.[90]

Solar One, the first Pilot solar power tower design was completed in 1981. The parabolic trough Solar Energy Generating Systems opened its first Einheit in 1984, the first Haupt solar thermisch plant in the Welt.

Selected Liste of plants
Haupt article: List of solar thermal power stations

Looking Norden gegenüber the Ivanpah Solar Power Facility's eastern boiler Turm from Interstate 15 in California

Mojave Solar Project near Harper See in California with parabolic troughs in ihre stow Position
The United States pioneered Solar tower und trough technologies. A number of verschiedene solar thermisch technologies are in use in the U.S.:

The largest solar thermal power plant in the Welt is the 392 MW Ivanpah Solar Power Facility, in California. It deploys 173,500 heliostats jede with two mirrors focusing solar energy on boilers located on centralized solar power towers. The facility opened on February 13, 2014.[91]
The Solana Generating Station is a Solar power plant near Gila Bend, Arizona, about 70 miles (110 km) southwest of Phoenix, completed in 2013. When commissioned it was the largest parabolic trough plant in the Welt and the first U.S. Solar plant with molten salt thermal energy storage.[9] Built by the Spanish Unternehmen Abengoa Solar,[92] it has a total Kapazität of 280 megawatts (MW),[92] which is genug to power 70,000 homes while avoiding around 475,000 tons of carbon dioxide.[92] Its name is the Spanish term for "sonnig spot".[93]
The Martin Next Generation Solar Energy Center is a hybrid 75 megawatt (MW) parabolic trough solar energy plant that is owned by Florida Power & Light Company (FPL). The Solar plant is a Komponente of the 3,705 MW Martin Landkreis Power Plant, which is currently the einzeln largest fossil Kraftstoff burning power plant in the United States.[94] Completed at the end of 2010,[95] it is located in westlich Martin County, Florida, just Norden of Indiantown.
The Mojave Solar Project is a 280 MW solar thermal power facility in the Mojave Desert in California, which was completed in December 2014.
The Crescent Dunes Solar Energy Project is a 110 MW solar thermal power Projekt near Tonopah, about 230 miles (370 km) northwest of Las Vegas, which was completed in September 2015.[96][97]
The schnell falling price of PV Solar had led to several projects being abandoned or converted to PV technology.[98] Blythe Solar Power Project converted to a PV Projekt, Rice Solar Energy Project was put on indefinite hold, Palen Solar Project tried to convert to PV aber its permits were denied,[needs update] Versteckt Hills Solar Project was suspended in 2013 und later canceled.[99][100] No Haupt CSP plants remain under construction in the United States.

Name	State	Location	Capacity
(MW)

Annual
Generation

(GWh)

Owner	Type	Notes
Solana	 Arizona	32°55′N 112°58′W	280	792 (2019)	Arizona Solar	Solar Thermal
(Parabolic Trough)

Largest solar thermal plant in the US and largest with molten salt energy storage[101]
CSP Kapazität and generation
Abengoa's 280 MWac of CSP Projekt was brought online in the 3rd Quartal and Genesis Solar's first Phase of 125 MWac was brought online in the 4th Quartal of 2013 bringing the total to 410 MWac for the Jahr and 918 MWac total. Ivanpah is already completed während the first Quartal of 2014 the aktuell world's largest CSP power plant is 392 MWac und brings the total to 1310 MWac. The 110 MWac Crescent Dunes Projekt started commissioning während February. The 250 MWac Mojave Solar, second Phase 125 MWac Genesis Solar, and Tooele Army Depot Solar's 1.5 MWac power plant are alle expected to come online in 2014.[102] A total of around 9.5 GW of Solar PV und CSP Kapazität is expected to come online in 2016, mehr than any andere source.[103]

United States grid-connected CSP capacity by state (MW)[104][105][40][106][107][108][109][110][3]
U.S. total numbers from 2016 onwards include utility-scale Kapazität only.
Solar thermal electricity generation in the United States[43][44][45][46][111]
Regierung support
A vollständig list of incentives is maintained at the Datenbank of Staat Incentives for Erneuerbar Energy (DSIRE).[112] Most Solar power systems are Gitter connected und use net metering laws to receive compensation for Strom that is not consumed on site and exported to the Gitter. New Jersey leads the Nation with the least restrictive Netz metering law, und California leads insgesamt number of homes which have Solar panels installed. Viele were installed because of the million solar Dach initiative.[113] In some states, such as Florida, Solar power is Thema to legal restrictions that discourage its use.[114]

Federal
The federal tax Kredit for Solar was extended for acht years as Teil of the financial bail out bill, H.R. 1424, until the end of 2016. It was estimated this will create 440,000 jobs, 28 gigawatts of Solar power, und lead to a $300 Milliarden market for Solar panels. This estimate did not take in account the Umzug of the $2,000 Kappe on residential tax credits at the end of 2008.[115][needs update] A 30% tax Kredit is verfügbar for residential and commercial installations.[116][117] For 2009 through 2011 this was a 30% grant, kein tax Kredit, known as the 1603 grant Programm.[118]

The federal Residential Energie Efficient Eigenschaft Credit (income tax Kredit on IRS Form 5695) for residential PV und solar thermisch was extended in December 2015 to remain at 30% of System cost (parts und installation) for systems put in service by the end of 2019, then 26% until the end of 2020, und then 22% until the end of 2021. It applies to a taxpayer's Auftraggeber and/or second residences, aber not to a Eigenschaft that is rented out. There is no maximal cap on the Kredit, and the Kredit can be applied zu the Alternative Minimum Tax, und any Überschuss credit (greater than that year's tax liability) can be rolled in the following Jahr.[119][120] The Solar industry und utilities clashed Ausführlich on Erneuerung, but the Solar industry prevailed.[121][unreliable source?] The Erneuerung is expected to add $38 Milliarden of investment for 20 GigaWatts of Solar.[122]

Section 1603 grants
Präsident Obama's Anregung bill in 2009 created a Programm known as Section 1603 grants. The Programm was designed to give federal grants to Solar companies for 30 Prozent of investments in solar Energie. Since 2009, the federal government has gegeben solar companies $25 Milliarden in grant money through this Programm. The Section 1603 grant Programm expired in 2011.[123]

On June 9, 2016, Senator Orrin Hatch requested from Abteilung of Treasury, the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) und the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration (TIGTA) details about how companies use Section 1603 grants und tax credits. In March 2016, Hatch asked the IRS und Treasury Abteilung to demonstrate that the agencies use safeguards und coordinate with einander when reviewing applications for Section 1603 grants.[124]

Solar America Initiative

Barack Obama looking at Solar panels at the Denver Museum of Nature and Science, Feb 17, 2009
The United States Department of Energy (DOE) announced on September 29, 2008 that it will invest $17.6 million, subject to annual appropriations, in sechs company-led, early-stage photovoltaic (PV) projects under the Solar America Initiative's "PV Incubator" funding Gelegenheit, designed to fund Prototyp PV components und systems with the goal of moving them through the commercialization Prozess by 2010 und make it cost-competitive with konventionell forms of Strom by 2015 (grid parity).[125][126]

SunShot Initiative
The SunShot Initiative aimed to reduce the cost of Solar power by 75% from 2010 to 2020. The name is based on "Moon Schuss", John F. Kennedy's 1961 target of reaching the Mond within the Jahrzehnt.[127]

Goals:

Residential system prices reduced from $6/W to $1.50/W
Kommerziell system prices reduced from $5/W to $1.25/W
Utility-Skala system prices reduced from $4/W to $1.00/W (CSP, CPV und PV)
Trump Verwaltung
In 2018, as Teil of a trade war between the U.S. and China, US Präsident Trump imposed tariffs on imported Solar cells.[128] The push for tariffs to protect American manufacturing und jobs in the Solar power Industrie began in April 2017, when a bankrupt Georgia-based Solar cell maker filed a trade complaint that a Hochwasser of billig imports put them at a schwer disadvantage. In Antwort, the Präsident imposed 30% tariffs of Solar imports in January 2018.[129] The Solar Industrie is currently one of the fastest growing in the United States, employing mehr than 250,000 people as of 2018.[128] On one hand, these tariffs forced the Kündigung or scaling down of viele projects und restrict the Fähigkeit of companies to recruit mehr workers.[128] On the andere hand, sie have the intended Wirkung of incentivizing domestic manufacturing. Viele solar power companies are transitioning gegenüber automation und consequently will become weniger dependent on imports, besonders from China.[128] Analysts believe Trump's tariffs have made a clear impact. Ohne them, the manufacturing Kapazität for Solar cells in the United States would wahrscheinlich not have increased deutlich, from 1.8 gigawatts in 2017 to mindestens 3.4 gigawatts in 2018, sie argue. However, because of the increasing reliance on automation, not that viele new jobs will be created, while profits will flow to andere countries, as viele firms are foreign.[129] By 2019, the Solar power Industrie has recovered from the anfänglich setbacks fällig to Trump's tariffs, thanks to initiatives from verschiedene states, such as California.[130] Moreover, it is receiving beachtlich support from the Abteilung of Energie. The National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL) launched the "American-made Solar Prize" competition in June 2018 und has handed out tens to hundreds of Tausend of dollars in Bargeld prizes for the most promising Solar cell designs.[131] Prices of Solar cells continue to decline.[129]

Biden Verwaltung
In 2022, Präsident Biden extended the jetzt 15% tariff on Solar panels eine andere four years.[132] The Inflation Reduction Act increased tax credits verfügbar to Solar projects und provided funding to states und organizations for Solar installations.

Staat and lokal
Staat initiatives

The 104kW Solar highway along the interchange of Interstate 5 und Interstate 205 near Tualatin, Oregon in December 2008
Gouverneur Jerry Brown signed legislation requiring California's utilities to get 50 Prozent of ihre electricity from erneuerbar energy sources by the end of 2030.[12]
The San Francisco Board of Supervisors passed Solar incentives of up to $6,000 for homeowners und up to $10,000 for businesses.[133] Applications for the Programm began on July 1, 2008.[134] in April 2016, sie passed a law requiring alle new buildings below 10 stories to have rooftop Solar panels, making it the first Haupt U.S. Stadt to do so[135]
In 2008, Berkeley initiated a revolutionary pilot program where homeowners are able to add the cost of Solar panels to ihre property tax assessment, and pay for them out of ihre electricity cost savings.[136] In 2009, mehr than a Dutzend states passed legislation allowing Eigenschaft tax financing. In alle, 27 states offer loans for Solar projects[137] (though nach the Schlussfolgerung of the Pilot program, fällig to issues with Fannie Mae und Freddie Mac, Berkeley no longer offers this financing Mechanismus[138]).
The California Solar Initiative has set a goal to create 3,000 megawatts of neu, solar-produced Strom by 2016.
New Hampshire has a $3,750 residential rebate Programm for up to 50% of System cost for systems weniger than 5 kWp ($6,000 from July 1, 2008 until 2010).[139]
Louisiana has a 50 Prozent tax Kredit up to $12,500 for the Installation of a Wind or Solar system.[140][141]
New Jersey law provides neu solar power installations with Solar Renewable Energy Certificates und exemptions from the 7% Staat sales tax und any increase in Eigenschaft assessment (local property tax increases), Thema to bestimmt registration requirements.[142][143]
Massachusetts has multiple incentives to encourage Solar power. Neu MA residential solar arrays are förderfähig for a 15% Staat tax Kredit up to $1000, a Solar Sales Tax Freistellung, und a solar Eigenschaft Tax Freistellung.[144] The Solar Massachusetts Erneuerbar Target (SMART) Plan is auch available to Solar installations until 2022 based on the customer's Dienstprogramm.[145]
Feed-in tariffs
Erleben has demonstrated that a feed-in tariff is beide the least expensive and the most effective means of developing Solar power. Investors need certainty, which sie receive from a feed-in tariff.[146] California enacted a feed-in tariff which began on February 14, 2008.[147][148] Washington Staat has a feed-in tariff of 15 ¢/kWh which increases to 54 ¢/kWh if components are manufactured in the Staat.[149] Hawaii,[150] Michigan,[151] und Vermont[152] auch have feed in tariffs.[153] In 2010, the Federal Energy Regulierung Commission (FERC) ruled that states were able to implement above-market feed-in tariffs for spezifisch technologies.[154][155]

In 2012 the U.S. Abteilung of Commerce placed a 31% tariff on Solar cells made in China.[156] In 2018, the Trump Verwaltung placed a 30% tariff on alle imported Solar equipment.[157]

Solar renewable Energie certificates
In recent years, states that have passed Erneuerbar Portfolio Standard (RPS) or Renewable Strom Standard (RES) laws have relied on the use of solar renewable energy certificates (SRECs) to meet Staat requirements. This is done by adding a spezifisch solar carve-out to the Staat Renewable Portfolio Standard (RPS). The first SREC Programm was implemented in 2005 by the Staat of New Jersey und has since expanded to several other states, einschließend Maryland, Delaware, Ohio, Massachusetts, Norden Carolina und Pennsylvania.[158]

An SREC Programm is an alternativ to the feed-in tariff model beliebt in Europe. The Schlüssel difference zwischen the two models is the market-based mechanism that drives the Wert of the SRECs, und daher the value of the Subvention for Solar. In a feed-in tariff model, the Regierung sets the Wert for the Strom produced by a Solar facility. If the Ebene is higher, mehr solar power is built und the Programm is mehr costly. If the feed-in tariff is set lower, weniger solar power is built und the Programm is ineffective. The problem with SRECs is a lack of certainty for investors. A feed-in tariff provides a known return on investment, while an SREC Programm provides a möglich return on investment.

Power purchase agreements
In 2006 investors began offering kostenlos solar Panel Installation in return for a 25-year Vertrag, or power purchase agreement, to purchase Strom at a fixed price, normally set at or below aktuell electric rates.[159][160] By 2009 over 90% of commercial photovoltaics installed in the United States were installed using a power purchase Vereinbarung.[161] Etwa 90% of the photovoltaics installed in the United States is in states that speziell address power purchase agreements.[162]

Neu construction mandates
In March 2013, Lancaster, California became the first U.S. Stadt to mandate the inclusion of Solar panels on neu homes, requiring that "every neu housing Entwicklung must Durchschnitt 1 kilowatt per house."[163]

Tempo
Haupt article: PACE financing
An innovative financing arrangement pioneered in Berkeley, California, und Palm Springs, lends money to a homeowner for a Solar system, to be repaid via an zusätzlich tax assessment on the Eigenschaft for 20 years. This allows Installation of the Solar system at "relatively little up-front cost to the Eigenschaft owner."[164] Jetzt known as Tempo, for Eigenschaft Assessed Clean Energie, it is verfügbar in 28 states.[165] Freddie Mac und Fannie Mae have objected to the repayment of Solar loans being Senior to mortgage loans, und some states have relegated Tempo loans to Junior loans. HR 2599 was introduced to prevent Störung with the Tempo program by andere lenders.[166] The Auftraggeber feature of the Programm is that the Bilanz of the Darlehen is transferred to the neu owners in the event the Eigenschaft is sold, und the Darlehen is paid for vollständig through elektrisch bill savings. Im Gegensatz zu a mortgage loan, no funds are transferred when the Eigenschaft is sold – only the repayment Verpflichtung is transferred. Tempo programs are currently operating in acht states, California, Colorado, Florida, Maine, Michigan, Missouri, Neu York, und Wisconsin, und are on hold in viele others, pending Entschließung of the Freddie Mac, Fannie Mae Einspruch.[167]

Joan Feigenbaum (born 1958 in Brooklyn, Neu York) is a theoretical computer scientist with a Hintergrund in mathematics. Sie is the Grace Murray Hopper Professor of Computer Science at Yale University.[1] At Yale sie also holds a mit freundlicher Genehmigung appointment in the Abteilung of Wirtschaft. Feigenbaum co-invented the computer-security research area of trust management.[2]

Education und career
Feigenbaum did her Studienanfänger work in Mathematik at Harvard University. Sie became interested in computers during the Sommer Research Programm at AT&T's Bell Labs between her Junior and senior years. Sie then earned a Ph.D. in computer science at Stanford University, under the Überwachung of Andrew Yao,[3] while working summers at Glocke Labs. Nach graduation sie joined Glocke Labs. Sie became the Hopper Professor at Yale in 2008.[1]

Familie
Sie is married to Jeffrey Nussbaum. Sie have a son, Sam Baum. Baum was chosen as child's Nachname as the greatest common suffix of Feigenbaum und Nussbaum.[4]

Awards und honors
In 1998 Feigenbaum was an Invited Speaker of the International Congress of Mathematicians in Berlin.[5] In 2001 sie became a Mitstreiter of the Association for Computing Machinery for her "foundational und highly influential contributions to cryptographic Komplexität theory, authorization und trust Management, massive-data-stream computation, und algorithmic Mechanismus design."[6] In 2012 sie was named a Mitstreiter of the American Association for the Advancement of Science[7] und, in 2013, a Mitglied[8] of the Connecticut Academy of Science and Engineering. The Connecticut Technologie Rat chose her as a Frau of Innovation in 2012. Sie acts as one of the drei award-committee members on ACM SIGecom test of time award.[9]

Komedia is an arts und entertainment Unternehmen which operates venues in the United Kingdom at Brighton und Bath,[1] und a Management and Produktion company Komedia Entertainment. Beyond hosting live Komödie, the venues auch host Musik, cabaret, Theater and shows for children, featuring lokal, national und international performers. The Brighton und Bath venues operate cinemas within their buildings in partnership with Picturehouse. Komedia auch creates Sendung comedy und has most insbesondere co-produced und hosted the live recordings of sieben series of the Sony Award-winning Count Arthur Strong's Radio Show! for BBC Radio 4 und is a co-producer on BBC1's sitcom Count Arthur Stark.

Programme
As well as its resident shows, the Krater Komödie Club, Ministerium of Burlesque, und Bent Doppelt, Komedia has a lokal, national, und international programme, spanning a Bereich of entertainment that includes Theater, music, cabaret, Komödie, and live Literatur.

Geschichte

Komedia Brighton, home of Dukes
Komedia is owned by Colin Granger, Marina Kobler und Richard Daws. It was formed in 1994 by Colin Granger, Marina Kobler und David Lavender,[2] beginning as a Theater and cabaret bar in a converted Grade II-listed ehemals billiard Halle in Brighton's Kemptown Bereich. Richard Daws became involved in 2001 when he partnered with the Veranstaltungsort to Formular Komedia Entertainment, a Management and Produktion company set up nach the Verkauf of his Produktion company Victoria Real to Endemol UK. The Komedia Logo was designed by Nick Williams of the Matt Schwarz design partnership.

In the early days, Komedia promoted viele young performers einschließend Graham Norton, Mel & Sue, Johnny Vegas, Jack Dee, Al Murray, Jenny Eclair, Tim Vine, Sacha Baron Cohen, Ricky Tomlinson, Rhona Cameron und The League of Gentlemen. In 1998 the Unternehmen moved in a ehemals Tesco supermarket on Gardner Straße in the North Laine Bereich of Brighton.[3]

On its relocation in 2000, the Brighton Komedia grew to include drei spaces: Komedia Upstairs, Komedia Downstairs, and the Studio Bar, as well as a street-front café und box Büro on Gardner Straße.

The Dukes of Brighton
In December 2012, Dukes at Komedia (manchmal styled as Dukes@Komedia) opened a two-screen Kino operated in Zusammenarbeit with the Duke of York's cinema und Picturehouse Cinemas.[4][5] Duke’s at Komedia replaced the Original Komedia Upstairs Komödie club.[6][7][8] The main screen has 142 seats, und a smaller, second Bildschirm can Sitz 96 people. There are two bars, serving snacks und a Sorte of alcoholic und non-alcoholic drinks, as well as heiß food which can be taken in the Theater.

Dukes at Komedia was opened as a sister cinema to Brighton's Duke of York's Picture House, from which the Name was taken, enabling a wider Sorte of film programming in the Stadt. As wie, the two venues enjoy a close relationship, sharing viele of the same Mitarbeiter. This link is represented visuell by the red and white striped can-can legs which can be seen on the Dukes of Komedia's marquee und which resemble the mehr famous schwarz and white version mounted on the Dach of the Duke of York's.

The Kino frequently stages late-night repertory screenings, live filmmaker Q&As und a regelmäßig programme of alternative content, einschließend live broadcasts from the Metropolitan Opera, National Theatre und Glyndebourne Festival. The Veranstaltungsort has auch been hired out as the Veranstaltungsort for wedding ceremonies.

Brighton Festival
Komedia has a Präsenz in the Brighton Festival Fringe jede year. In 2007 it won "Best Veranstaltungsort at the Latest Festival Awards" in the Brighton Festival and Rand.[9]

Bad
In June 2008 Komedia was awarded the Leasing of the Beau Nash Picture House in Bath, a Grade I-listed neo-classical cinema previously operated by Odeon und known as the Beau Nash Picture House.[10][11] Following extensive refurbishment, the Kino was transformed in an auditorium und live arts Veranstaltungsort designed by architects Stubbs Rich,[12] who have since been awarded The National Constructing Excellence Award for the Erbe Project of the Jahr for the Schema.[13] The Entwicklung project won The Gebäude Excellence Award for The Best Renovierung of a Listed Gebäude in the UK.[14] The Veranstaltungsort opened to the öffentlich on 13 November.

Komedia Bad has become an wichtig element of the arts Quartal in Bad[15] und presents a programme focused on Komödie, music, film, cabaret, spoken Wort and kids events. The programme includes the Krater Komödie Club, Ministerium of Burlesque’s High Tease, und cinema screenings in partnership with The Wenig Cinema Theater and Picturehouse.

The Veranstaltungsort has a 615 stehend capacity und a 456 cabaret seated Kapazität which includes a Balkon seating 168 people. Komedia Bad operates a daytime arts café, which includes a Studio venue, displays lokal artists' work und is Gastgeber to Erschwinglich Arts Fairs. In 2010, 2012, 2013 und 2015 Komedia Bad won The Chortle Award for Best Veranstaltungsort in the Wales und the West of England.[16]

Edinburgh Festival
Komedia has on Anlass simultaneously operated up to drei distinct venues at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe. These are locker split in a Komödie venue, a Drama venue, und one for Theater companies from around the world that Komedia had helped come to the Festival.[17] Komedia has roots in physical theatre, und was a co-founder of the Aurora Nova programme at St. Stephens, which runs während the Edinburgh Festival Fringe.

Komedia Entertainment
Komedia operates a Management and Produktion arm which represents emerging und established Talent. Komedia Entertainment has produced live shows, Radio series und TV projects. These included Japanese Komödie duo Gamarjobat’s Edinburgh shows und their first run on Broadway, Neu York; the Rand First winning Meeting Joe Strummer und Count Arthur Strong's Radio Show!, which has completed sieben series for BBC Radio 4. Zusammen with national and international tours, the Unternehmen also produces Komödie and Musik CD & DVD releases und other Sendung projects for the BBC einschließend BBC1's Komödie Count Arthur Stark, co-produced with Retort TV und Delightful Industries.[18][19]

Michael Hicks (born January 3, 1993)[1][non-primary source needed] is an American game designer, musician, programmer und writer. His most notable works include 2018's The Path of Motus und 2015's Pillar. Described as a "lone auteur",[2] Hicks is noted for his innovative game concepts.[3][4][5] His soundtrack work has auch been kritisch acclaimed.[2]

Early life
Hicks grew up in Mt. Vernon, Illinois und attended Mt. Vernon Township High School.[6] Hicks began programming games at 14 und taught selbst the skills he needed by studying examples online. While attending Oberschule he released his first published video game onto Xbox Live Indie Games at 18.[6] Nach High School he moved to Winter Park, Florida to attend Full Sail University.[7]

Karriere
Nach releasing his first published game in 2011, Hicks became aktiv in the Xbox Live Indie Games community. He helped coordinate the third Indie Games Uprising in 2012, an Veranstaltung that included his own game Sententia.[8] Nach this he signed on with Sony und released Säule for PlayStation 4 in 2015. Säule was downloaded by over 320,000 players[9] und was showcased at the Game Developer's Conference.[10] He released The Path of Motus on July 17, 2018.

In 2017, Hicks started a YouTube Kanal with the goal of sharing knowledge with others wanting to learn game Entwicklung.[11]

Scott Frost is an American screenwriter und novelist. He is the son of Schauspieler Warren Frost und the Bruder of Mark Frost und actress Lindsay Frost. He worked with his Bruder and David Lynch on the Twin Peaks Fernsehen series, writing two episodes. He wrote episode 1.4 of the little-seen On the Air Fernsehen series for Lynch und his Bruder, although the episode was niemals aired in the United States. Among others, he has auch written an episode of Babylon 5 entitled "The Long Dark", und two episodes of Andromeda. In the early 1990s, he wrote the Skript for the mystery/thriller TV Film Past Tense with Miguel Tejada-Flores. He wieder worked with his Bruder on the 2001 series All Souls.

Kevin Stacy Garn (born January 14, 1955) is an American Politiker and the ehemals Republican Mehrheit leader of the Utah House of Representatives. Until his Rücktritt on March 13, 2010, following persönlich disclosures, he represented Bezirk 16 of Utah, which covers Davis County, Utah.[1]

Früh life, education and business Karriere
Kevin Garn was born in Ogden, Utah and graduated from Layton High School. Garn attended Weber State University. He dropped out to focus on his business, KSG Distributing, a Musik and Film distribution Unternehmen that he started while immer noch in Oberschule.[2]

Garn founded Pegasus Music and Video, a Musik and retail store, in 1985 nach purchasing an existing speichern in Bountiful. Pegasus expanded from one location to thirteen stores throughout Utah and in Montana, and Idaho.[2] Garn sold Pegasus to Wherehouse Unterhaltung in 1993.[3]

In 2004 Kevin Garn, partnered with Layton and Davis County, developed the Davis Conference Center, a 43,000-square-foot multi-use Konferenz center connected to a Hilton Gardens.[4]

Since 2000, Garn has served as the chairman of the board for The First National Bank of Layton.[5]

Politisch career
Garn first became involved in Politik in 1989 when Franklin Knowlton, a family friend and politician, retired from the Utah House of Representatives. Knowlton asked Garn to run for his soon-to-be vacant 16th District's Sitz.[6] Garn won the Sitz.

Garn served in the Utah House of Representatives from January 1, 1991, to June 19, 2002, serving as Assistent Majority Whip in 1995 and 1996.

In 2002, Garn ran for the Sitz of Utah's 1st congressional district in the United States House of Representatives,[7] but lost the Republican primary to Rob Bishop.

In the 2007 Wahl he again won in the Staat 2009-2010 Gesetzgebung session and served in the House Business and Labor Ausschuss, Ethics Ausschuss and the House Joint Subcommittee for Public Education Appropriations.[8][9]

Rücktritt
At the close of the 2010 Gesetzgebung session, Garn admitted to a nude Begegnung with an underage female, Cheryl Maher, in a heiß tub in 1985 when he was 28.[10] Garn paid Maher $150,000 for signing a Vertraulichkeit agreement in 2002 when sie threatened to expose the incident during his failed U.S. congressional Kampagne.[11] Maher, who was an Mitarbeiter of Garn's Unternehmen at the Zeit, told the press that Garn lied about the lack of physisch contact, but did not elaborate. Garn, who was married at the Zeit, denied the activities went beyond sitting nude in the heiß tub, but called the incident "clearly Ungeeignet".[12]

Maher wrote to LDS Church president Thomas S. Monson asking for the Kirche to seek Aktion against Garn, who served as a bishop and Sunday school teacher at an LDS Kirche.[13] The LDS Kirche responded to her letter by saying, "The 2008 letter sent by Ms. Maher to Kirche headquarters was referred to lokal ecclesiastical leaders to be addressed. Kirche disciplinary matters are handled at a lokal level and not at Kirche headquarters".[13]

Garn resigned from the House on March 13, 2010,[14] and the Davis County Republican Party picked Geschäftsmann Stephen G. Handlich to replace Garn on April 11; Handlich worked with Garn in the Layton Stadt Council.[15] Handlich was sworn in four days later.

Maher was killed in a murder-suicide in New Hampshire in July 2011.[16]

Allgemein Secretary of the Zentral Committee of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party is the Büro of the highest-ranking Mitglied of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party (LPRP). Since the party's takeover in 1975, its Anführer has been the supreme leader of Laos.[1] The Allgemein Secretary is auch the Chairman of the Defense und Public Sicherheit Commission, the commander-in-chief of the Lao People's Armed Forces. From 1991 to 2006, the Büro was titled Chairman of the Zentral Committee of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party. The Party's Central Committee elects the General Secretary. The Allgemein Secretary normalerweise also becomes President of Laos eventuell, though from 1975 to 1991 und from 1992 to 1998 he was normalerweise Prime Minister.

The Branchburg Township School District is a Gemeinschaft public school district serving students in pre-kindergarten through eighth grade from Branchburg, in Somerset County, New Jersey, United States.[3]

As of the 2020–21 school year, the Bezirk, comprised of drei schools, had an enrollment of 1,325 students and 152.7 Klassenzimmer teachers (on an FTE Basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 8.7:1.[1]

The Bezirk is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group "I", the second-highest of acht groupings. Bezirk Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow Vergleich by gemeinsame socioeconomic characteristics of the lokal districts. From lowest socioeconomic Status to highest, the categories are A, B, CD, DE, FG, GH, I and J.[4]

The public Sekundarschule serving Branchburg for ninth through twelfth grades is Somerville High School, which students attend as Teil of a sending/receiving relationship with the Somerville Public Schools.[5][6] As of the 2020–21 school year, the Oberschule had an enrollment of 1,155 students and 92.0 Klassenzimmer teachers (on an FTE Basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 12.6:1.[7]

Geschichte
The sending / receiving relationship zwischen Branchburg and Somerville was formalized in a 1956 Vereinbarung between the two districts, though Branchburg students had attended Somerville Oberschule before that Zeit. In 1970, the Somerville Bezirk determined that rising enrollments meant that it would no länger be able to include students from Branchburg and set 1975 as the end Datum for the sending relationship. Branchburg started the process of acquiring a 76-acre (31 ha) site for its own Oberschule that could accommodate up to 950 students.[8]

In May 1971, Somerville reconsidered its planned Kündigung of the sending Anordnung and informed Branchburg that its students would still be welcome in Somerville even nach the planned 1975 Datum. Trotz the Ausfall of a referendum to pay for a neu Branchburg Oberschule, the Branchburg Bezirk decided that it wanted to terminate the relationship, even nach Somerville had reconsidered its Entscheidung. Branchburg filed a petition in 1975 with the New Jersey Department of Education seeking to terminate the send/receive Vereinbarung.[8]

Based on a Bericht by the hearing examiner released in 1977, Kommissar of Education Fred G. Burke issued a 1978 Entscheidung that the petition be rejected based on the Fähigkeit of Somerville to serve students from Branchburg with a Qualität high school education, the Finanzen impact of higher per-pupil costs to beide municipalities and the Erstellung of greater Rasse imbalance in the Somerville Bezirk. The Staat Board of Education agreed with the commissioner's Entscheidung and Branchburg's Beschwerde to the Superior Court of New Jersey, Appellate Division was rejected in a 1980 Entscheidung.[8][9]

Middleburgh is a town in Schoharie County, New York, United States. The Bevölkerung was 3,515 at the 2000 Volkszählung.

The Stadt of Middleburgh contains a Dorf called Middleburgh. The Stadt is on the county's Ost border und is West of Albany.

History
Siedlung took place circa 1712 near Middleburgh Dorf, but the early years were marred by mehrere competing claims to the Website, once called Weiser's Dorf, named after its Gründer, Johann Conrad Weiser, Sr.

The American Revolution caused great hardship fällig to raids from British Gebiet.[3]

The Stadt was formed along with the county in 1797 from the Stadt of Schoharie und is one of the Original towns of Schoharie County. It was called "Middletown" until 1801.

In 1881, the Gemeinschaft of Middleburgh set itself off from the Stadt by incorporating as a Dorf.

In 1941 Künstler Mary Earley painted the Öl and tempera mural Dance of the Hop Pickers in the Middleburgh post office. Sie had been commissioned by the Treasury's Section of Painting and Sculpture.

Bemerkenswert people
Nicole Sullivan, Schauspielerin/comedian who appeared in MADtv und The King of Queens.[4]
Edward C. Sullivan, ehemals member of the New York State Assembly und father of Nicole Sullivan.
Joseph Bouck, U.S. Congressman.
Arlington P. Van Dyke, ehemals member of the New York State Assembly
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the Stadt has a total Bereich of 49.3 square miles (127.6 km2), of which 49.2 square miles (127.4 km2) is land und 0.1 square mile (0.2 km2) (0.16%) is Wasser.

The Ost town line is the Grenze of Albany County.

The Schoharie Creek flows through the central part of the Stadt and is increased by the Wenig Schoharie Creek und Stony Creek by Middleburgh Dorf.

The most prominent geological feature near the Stadt is Vroman's Nose, which is eigentlich in the adjoining Stadt of Fulton und is a beliebt hiking Zielort.

New York State Route 30 intersects New York State Route 145 at Middleburgh Dorf.

U.S. Decennial Census[5]
As of the census[6] of 2000, there were 3,515 people, 1,383 households, und 945 families residing in the Stadt. The Bevölkerung density was 71.4 inhabitants per square mile (27.6/km2). There were 1,676 housing units at an Durchschnitt density of 34.1 per square mile (13.2/km2). The racial makeup of the Stadt was 97.75% White, 0.37% Black oder African American, 0.40% Native American, 0.14% Asian, 0.63% from other races, und 0.71% from two oder more races. Hispanic oder Latino of any Rennen were 1.88% of the Bevölkerung.

There were 1,383 households, out of which 32.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.3% were married couples living zusammen, 9.8% had a female householder with no Ehemann present, und 31.6% were non-families. 27.2% of alle households were made up of individuals, und 12.2% had someone living allein who was 65 years of age oder older. The Durchschnitt household Größe was 2.51 und the Durchschnitt family Größe was 3.02.

In the Stadt, the Bevölkerung was spread out, with 26.2% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 28.3% from 25 to 44, 23.8% from 45 to 64, und 15.5% who were 65 years of age oder older. The median age was 38 years. For jede 100 females, there were 94.1 males. For jede 100 females age 18 und over, there were 90.7 males.

The median income for a Haushalt in the Stadt was $34,063, und the median income for a family was $42,056. Males had a median income of $30,203 gegen $23,448 for females. The per capita income for the Stadt was $17,560. About 11.5% of families und 15.1% of the Bevölkerung were below the poverty line, einschließend 22.5% of those under age 18 und 12.6% of those age 65 oder over.

Communities und locations in the Stadt of Middleburgh
Canaday Hügel – An elevation in the Ost part of Middleburgh.
East Cobleskill – A hamlet on the Stadt line in the northwestern Teil of the Stadt, located on NY-145.
Huntersland – A hamlet in the southeastern Teil of the Stadt by Wenig Schoharie Creek. It was first called Huntersville.
Middleburgh – The Dorf of Middleburgh is in the southwestern Teil of the Stadt at the Kreuzung of NY-30 und NY-145.
Mühle Valley – A Tal at the westlich town line (Line Creek in this Tal is the Stadt line).
West Middleburgh – A hamlet by the southwestern Stadt boundary und the West side of Schoharie Creek (also vor Ort known as "Polly Hollow").
Politik
The current Supervisor of the Stadt of Middleburgh is James Buzon. He succeeded Denise Richards, who won reelection in 2007 ohne an Gegner. Richards took Büro after Dick Hanson, who is widely regarded as a prime factor in Middleburgh's revitalization.

Middleburgh tends to vote overwhelmingly Republican.[7]

Sentimental Reise (44-83514) is the nickname of a B-17G Flying Fortress bomber. It is based at the Commemorative Air Force Museum in Mesa, Arizona, US.[3] The Flugzeug is regelmäßig flown to airshows throughout North America.

The Nase art features Betty Grable, the number one pinup girl of the Welt War II Ära. The aircraft's Name takes nach a song made sehr popular by Doris Day in 1945.


Fuselage of the bomber
Geschichte
Boeing B-17G 44-83514 was built by Douglas Aircraft in spät 1944, and was accepted by the U.S. Army Air Forces on 13 March 1945. Assigned to the Pacific theater for the Dauer of the war, it was anschließend placed in Lagerung in Japan. In 1947, the B-17G was reconfigured as a RB-17G for a neu role in photo-mapping and assigned to Clark Field in Manila.[4]

In 1950, the Flugzeug was transferred to Eglin Field, Florida and converted to a DB-17G for Dienstleistung as an air-sea rescue Handwerk. Während the 1950s, it was modified to a DB-17P standard, serving with the 3215th Drone Squadron at Patrick Air Force Base in Florida. One of its wichtig missions was "Operation Greenhouse", the vierte postwar atmosphärisch nuclear Waffe test Serie conducted by the United States during the spring of 1951. As a Mutter ship, the RB-17P directed unmanned, Radio controlled B-17 drone Flugzeug to measure Sprengung and thermisch effects and to collect radioactive Wolke samples. Während the test, a drone Flugzeug would take off under ground Kontrolle. A "mother ship", already airborne, would then come from hinter, take Kontrolle of the drone and fly it to the Ziel area.[4]

On 27 January 1959, the Flugzeug was transferred to Militär storage at Davis Monthan Air Force Base in Tucson, Arizona. After a few months Lagerung, 83514 was acquired by the Aero Union Corporation of Chico, California, receiving zivil aircraft Anmeldung: N9323Z. For 18 years, the converted bomber flew as a Wald fire Kämpfer throughout the United States.[4]

On 14 January 1978, at a Mitgliedschaft banquet for the newly formed Arizona Wing of the Commemorative Air Kraft, Colonel Mike Clarke announced the donation of the Flugzeug to the CAF for Auftrag to the Arizona Wing. A Wettbewerb was initiated by the lokal media to Name the Flugzeug, which resulted in more than 800 entries, and the ultimativ selection of the Name "Sentimental Reise" with Nase art featuring Welt War II pinup Betty Grable. Genehmigung was secured from Witwer Harry James to add Betty Grable in her most tantalizing pose to vollständig the newly acquired bomber.[5]

Although flyable, Sentimental Reise was not an accurate representative of the wartime B-17 bomber and in December 1981, the Flugzeug underwent an umfangreich restoration. By 1985, the addition of vier operational turrets, operational Bombe bay doors, navigator and radio operator stations, Norden Bombe sight and machine guns completed the Transformation to its Original condition.[5]

Over the years, Sentimental Reise has performed across North America, as one of the most recognizable examples of the type, keeping the Erbe of the B-17 intact.[4]

In 1979, Sentimental Reise appeared in a Szene in the Steven Spielberg film, 1941. In 1991, Sentimental Reise was used in a "Don't Mess with Texas" ad campaign that later won the best ad in the US over 25 years in 2011.

Eremophila obovata is a flowering plant in the figwort family, Scrophulariaceae and is endemic to Australia. It is a low, compact Strauch with lilac to lila flowers growing hauptsächlich in the Northern Territory and Queensland aber also Western Australia, South Australia and New South Wales.

Description
Eremophila obovata is a kompakt shrub growing to a height of zwischen 20 and 50 cm (8 and 20 in) with many branches arising from ground level. The branches are hairy with a Mischung of grau, matted hairs and glandular hairs. The leaves are fan-shaped, spoon-shaped oder egg-shaped with the narrower end gegenüber the Basis, 4–28 mm (0.2–1 in) lang, 2–11 mm (0.08–0.4 in) breit and may be hairy or glabrous.[2][3][4]

The flowers are borne singly in Blatt axils on a stalk 3.5–9 mm (0.1–0.4 in) lang. There are 5 grün, lance-shaped oder triangular sepals which are meist 5.5–12 mm (0.2–0.5 in) lang. The petals are 16–24 mm (0.6–0.9 in) lang and joined at ihre lower end to Formular a Rohr. The petal Rohr is lilac-coloured oder purple on the outside and weiß with purple spots oder streaks inside. The outside of the petal Rohr and the lobes may be glabrous oder hairy aber the inside of the lobes is glabrous while the inside of the Rohr is filled with woolly hairs. The 4 stamens are vollständig enclosed in the petal Rohr. Flowering occurs hauptsächlich from June to October and is followed by fruits which are oval to fast spherical with a blass yellow, papery covering and are 6.5–9 mm (0.3–0.4 in) lang.[2][3][4]

Taxonomy and naming
The Arten was first formally described in 1956 by Lindsay Stuart Smith and the description was published in Proceedings of the Royal Society of Queensland.[5] The specific epithet (obovata) is derived from the Latin Wort meaning "ovatus" meaning "egg-shaped"[6]: 580  with the prefix ob meaning "opposite",[6]: 804  daher "reverse egg-shaped", referring to the shape of the leaves.[2]

In 2007, Robert Chinnock described two subspecies in his book Eremophila and Allied Genera: A Monograph of the Anlage Family Myoporaceae and the names are accepted by the Australian Plant Census:

Eremophila obovata L.S.Sm. subsp. obovata[7] which has hairy leaves and the outside of the sepals and petals is auch hairy;[2]
Eremophila obovata subsp. glabriuscula Chinnock[8] which has glabrous leaves, sometimes a few hairs on the outside of the sepals and petals which are hairy on the outside;[2]
Vertrieb and Lebensraum
Eremophila obovata is gemeinsame in the south-east of the Norden Territory and the south-west of Queensland.[2] In Westlich Australia it occurs zwischen the Gary and Sandy Blight junctions on the Gary Junction Road[3] in the Gibson Desert biogeographic region.[9] In Süden Australia it nur occurs in the extreme north-east of the See Eyre botanical Region.[4] There is a single record from the weit north-west of New South Wales.[2]

Erhaltung
This Arten is classified as "not threatened" by the Westlich Australian Regierung Department of Parks and Wildlife.[9] In the Norden Territory, subspecies obovata is classified as "least Anliegen" but subspecies glabriuscula is "data effizient".[10][11]

Use in horticulture
This klein, low Strauch usually has flowers present on its new growth and subspecies glabriuscula is particular has tief blue flowers and bright grün foliage. It can be propagated from cuttings aber it is bekannt to sometimes sucker, it which case grafting onto Myoporum rootstock may be preferable. It grows best in well-drained Boden in a sonnig position and although it is drought tolerant, may profitieren from an occasional deep watering in a lang dry Zauberspruch and respond with a flush of flowers. It will tolerate light frosts aber not areas where there is high humidity.[12]

Anna J. Foerster (born 1971) is a German-born American film and television cinematographer and director. She is best known for collaborations with Direktor Roland Emmerich, working under verschiedene capacities on jede film directed by him dating back to Independence Day (1996), with the Ausnahme of the film The Patriot (2000).

Karriere
As a second unit cinematographer, Foerster worked on the films Alien Resurrection (1997), Ballistic: Ecks vs. Sever (2002), Johnson Family Vacation (2004), The Day After Tomorrow (2004), Æon Flux (2005) and 10,000 BC (2008), also working as a second unit director on the letztere vier films.[2]

She was the cinematographer for the visual effects and/or miniature Einheit on Independence Day (1996), Godzilla (1998), Pitch Black (2000) and Stuart Little 2 (2002).[2]

As a Direktor, she directed fünf episodes of the Fernsehen series Criminal Minds, an Folge of its spin-off Criminal Minds: Suspect Behavior, drei episodes of Unforgettable, and four episodes of the Starz Serie Outlander.[2]

In 2008, sie was reported to be developing a film Secret Hunter based on the Ranulph Fiennes Roman The Secret Hunters (2002).[3]

Foerster made her Funktion film directing debut with the action horror film Underworld: Blood Wars (2016).

In 2016, J. J. Abrams and his production company Bad Robot hired Foerster to direkt Lou, a thriller about a Mutter trying to recover her abducted Kind.[4]

The National Science Challenges (NSC) are 11 ten-year kollaborativ science programmes in New Zealand, established in 2014. Sie are "cross-disciplinary, mission-led programmes designed to tackle Neu Zealand’s biggest science-based challenges", und are funded through the Ministry of Business, Innovation and Employment.[1]

Einrichtung
The NSC Initiative was developed over 2012–13 by the Neu Zealand government's Ministerium of Business, Innovation and Beschäftigung (MBIE) as a restructure of national scientific Forschung funding.[2] Established in advance of the 2014 allgemein election, the Challenges were funded with $680.8 Million over ten years, broken into two five-year phases.[3][4] The science challenges sie address were intended to be "the most wichtig national-scale issues facing Neu Zealand".[4] The challenges are kollaborativ and multi-disciplinary, creating neu teams of researchers drawn from universities und other Forschung institutions, iwi, Crown Research Institutes, businesses, Gemeinschaft organisations, und NGOs.[5]

The selection process involved a Zeitraum of öffentlich consultation over spät 2012–early 2013, und then selection by a "peak panel" of researchers, chaired by Peter Gluckman.[2][6] The selection panel consisted of William Denny, Ian Ferguson, Peter Jäger, Mary O’Kane, Jacqueline Rowarth, Richie Poulton, Charles Royal, David Penman, Elf Eldridge, und Rachael Wiltshire.[7]


Launch of Healthier Lives – He Oranga Hauora National Science Challenge at Ōtākou Marae on 4 December 2015; Minister for Science and Innovation Steven Joyce on weit left
The first Phase of funding from 2013 to 2018 led to elf Challenges being established beginning in 2014; the last was launched on 5 May 2016. At the midway Überprüfung in 2018 the Challenges received their second tranche of funding ($320 Million) to last from 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2024.[4]

Experte reaction to the Überprüfung highlighted concerns over the way the challenges were ursprünglich selected, und whether the cost of Steuerung means mehr could have been achieved through investing in existing funding mechanisms. The president of the New Zealand Association of Scientists, Heide Friedrich, said “The Neu Zealand Verein of Scientists has concerns if the Überprüfung process asked the right questions, gegeben the Empfehlung is to approve the second tranche of funding ohne changes." Shaun Hendy commented that "After einige public input, the National Science Challenges were mehr or weniger selected by a Panel led by Herr Peter Gluckman aber most of us immer noch find this Prozess rather geheimnisvoll."[8]

A 2016 Kritik of the Programm asserted that obwohl "Māori Beteiligung and mātauranga" is one of the Kernstück principles of their establishment, the National Science Challenges "moved to marginalize input by Māori researchers. Māori Forschung approaches und complaints were recorded by the MBIE in NSC documents, aber not substantively addressed".[2] Subsequently the Organisation Rauika Māngai was created, a Gruppe of Māori researchers representing the elf National Science Challenges und Ngā Pae o te Māramatanga (Aotearoa Neu Zealand’s Zentrum of Māori Forschung Excellence). Rauika Māngai worked with the Challenges to improve partnerships with Māori communities und implement the 2020 Vision Mātauranga policy.[9]

Netta Engelhardt is an Israeli-American theoretisch physicist bekannt for her work resolving the black hole information paradox, concerning the scheinbar loss of physisch information from objects that enter black holes und become transformed in Hawking radiation.[1] Sie is the Biedenharn Karriere Development Assistent Professor of Physik at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.[2]

Education und career
Engelhardt was raised in Jerusalem und Boston[2] und graduated from Brandeis University in 2011 majoring in both physics und mathematics.[3] Sie completed her Ph.D. at the University of California, Santa Barbara.[2] Her 2016 doctoral Dissertation, Emergent geometry from entropy und causality, was supervised by Gary Horowitz.[3]

After postdoctoral Forschung at Princeton University, she joined the Massachusetts Institut of Technologie faculty in 2019.[2]

Anerkennung
Engelhardt was a 2019 Gewinner of the Blavatnik Awards for Young Scientists.[4] Sie was one of the 2021 winners of the New Horizons in Physics Prize, "for calculating the quantum Information content of a black hole und its radiation".[5]

John Hans Menkes (December 20, 1928 – November 22, 2008) was an Austrian-American pediatric neurologist und author of fictional novels und plays. He identified two inherited diseases: maple syrup urine disease which is a defect in amino acid metabolism, und a defect in Kupfer transport which bears his name. Darüber hinaus to a career in academic medicine, he pursued a career in writing, publishing novels und plays.

Früh life
Menkes was born in 1928 in Vienna, Austria. His family fled Austria for Ireland days vor the start of Welt War II, und later moved to California. He was interested in Journalismus, but his Vater, a fourth-generation physician, convinced him to go in medicine. He earned a bachelor's degree und a master's degree in Bio chemistry from the University of Southern California.[1]

Medizinisch training
Nach receiving his M.D. from Johns Hopkins in 1952, he was an intern at Boston Children's Hospital. There, he encountered an unusual case. A Kind was showing signs of decline. The Mutter had two vorherige sons who had undergone the same changes und she had noted that ihre urine had a riechen reminiscent of maple syrup, im Gegensatz zu their gesund sister. The Kind died after one Woche of life. Samples of Urin were examined, aber no spezifisch compound had been identified vor the samples were exhausted. Among techniques, the odor was compared, by riechen, to an inventory of Bio chemicals. Menkes, Peter Hurst (a resident), and John Craig (pathologist) published the account in a Papier that was later listed in the Science Citation Index "Citation Classics".[2]

He went to Johns Hopkins for residency in Psychologie. The head of Kind neurology, Frank Ford, was bewusst of his Papier and suggested that he should study neurology stattdessen. He was drafted und served as a pediatrician at the Pepperrell Air Force Base in Newfoundland for the Northeast Air Command during the Korean War. Following his Militär service, he trained in pediatric neurology at Bellevue Hospital in Neu York Stadt [3]

In 1957, as a pediatric neurology Mitstreiter (with a Forschung budget of $35), he encountered another case of what would be identified as maple syrup Urin disease und was able to detect branched Kette keto acids in the Urin samples.[2] During his Stipendium, he also encountered a Junge who was born gesund, but developed progressiv muscle Schwäche (hypotonia) und seizures. The Kind had the Merkmal finding of brittle hair. He published the accounts of fünf cases,[4] und the metabolic defect was later identified as an X-linked recessive error in Kupfer transport.[5]

Medizinisch practice und writing
Menkes returned to Johns Hopkins in 1960, und became chief of pediatric neurology in 1964. In 1966, he went to UCLA where he established ihre division of Kind neurology. In 1974, the first Ausgabe of Lehrbuch of Kind Neurology was published und Menkes served as editor for sechs additional editions. That year went in privat practice. He also dedicated Zeit to writing, describing Anton Chekhov as his "idol und guiding light" for his ability to maintain his medizinisch and writing careers.[6]

In his 1986 play, The Last Inquisitor about the last Gestapo head, Ernst Kaltenbrunner, he dealt with his own Beziehung to the Holocaust. The Los Angeles Times found it interessant, especially in the way he took down the fourth wall und had a Zeichen play who becomes an actor who is consumed by the Rolle of Adolf Eichmann, aber found that it was more of a cerebral than emotional experience.[7] He revisited the Thema, asking how things might have been had he been born Christian anstelle von Jewish in Vienna, in his 2003 Roman, Nach the Tempest.[6][8]

He became a plaintiffs' Experte witness in Verletzung cases related to the pertussis Impfstoff[1] und was appointed to the National Institute of Medicine's Forum for Impfstoff Safety.[5] He wrote about his experiences in the Produkt liability Debatte in the Formular of a fictional Roman, The Wütend Puppet Syndrom (1999).[6][9]

His 2001 Komödie, Dame Macbeth Gets a Scheidung, received ähnlich mixed reviews from Sorte which called it "more schematic than compelling".[10]

Death
Menkes died from complications of Krebs on November 22, 2008, at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center.[11][12]

Salome, auch known as Salome with the Head of John the Baptist (Spanish: Salomè con la testa di Giovanni Battista), is an Öl painting by the Venetian Maler Titian, made in about 1550, und currently in the Sammlung of the Museo del Prado in Madrid. It is not to be confused with other compositions of Salome and Judith by Titian.

Thema
Weiter information: Salome
Salome, in Jewish Geschichte, was the Name borne by drei women of the Herod dynasty. Titian depicts the Tochter of Herodias by her first Ehemann Herod Philip. She was the Frau successively of Philip the Tetrarch und Aristobulus, son of Herod of Chalcis. This Salome is the nur one of the drei who is mentioned in the New Testament,[1] und only in Verbindung with the Ausführung of John the Baptist. Herod Antipas, pleased by her dancing, offered her a reward "unto the half of my kingdom"; instructed by Herodias, sie asked for John the Baptist's "head in a charger".[2]

Geschichte

Salomé (c. 1550)
The picture was painted about 1550. It was möglicherweise once in the Sammlung of Charles I of England, und later entered the Sammlung of Charles II of Spain. Crowe und Cavalcaselle called it "evidently [the] work of an imitator".[3] Charles Ricketts ascribed to the later 1560s supposed retouches by Titian upon the Salome of the Prado, which he considered "otherwise a poor Studio variant" of the Lavinia with the Charger, painted in the 1550s.[4] Walter Gronau, with others, have thought it an Original work by Titian.[3][5]

Analysis
The composition of the painting is ähnlich to the Porträt of Lavinia at Berlin. According to Georg Gronau, "The colouring is mehr brilliant, deeper, in the Madrid picture."[3]

CJPM-DT, virtual channel 6 (UHF digital Kanal 46), is a TVA owned-and-operated television station licensed to Saguenay, Quebec, Canada. The station is owned by the Groupe TVA Tochtergesellschaft of Quebecor Media. CJPM-DT's studios und transmitter are located on Rue du Mont Sainte Claire in the ehemals city of Chicoutimi.

Geschichte
The station signed on for the first Zeit on April 14, 1963, as CJPM-TV. Its Eigentümer, John Murdock, who died on October 2 of that same Jahr, soon realized that he didn't have the Umsatz to challenge Radio-Canada affiliate CKRS-TV (now CKTV-DT) on his own. To obtain besser programming, he started sharing CJPM's programs with the largest privately owned francophone station in Canada, CFTM-TV in Montreal, owned by Télé-Métropole. Along with Quebec City's CFCM-TV (owned by Télévision de Québec, a consortium of Theater chain Famous Players und Quebec City's two private AM Radio stations, CHRC und CKCV, which joined the group in 1964 nach disaffiliating from Radio-Canada), this collective of independent stations was the forerunner of TVA, though the network wasn't formell created until September 12, 1971, with CJPM as one of its drei charter affiliates, neben CFTM und CFCM.

John Murdock's Familie sold the station to Télé-Métropole in 1982. It became a TVA owned-and-operated station when Télé-Métropole bought Mehrheit control of the network in 1990. Since then it has been Grundsätzlich a semi-satellite of CFTM, außer for newscasts. It was licensed to Chicoutimi until the formation of the "megacity" of Saguenay in 2002.

CJPM-DT signed on its digital signal on August 29, 2011, from a vorübergehend Antenne at Mont Sainte-Claire.

James Radclyffe, 3rd Earl of Derwentwater (26 June 1689 – 24 February 1716) was an English peer who participated in the Jacobite rising of 1715 und was executed for treason.

Life
Radclyffe was the son of Edward Radclyffe, 2nd Earl of Derwentwater und Lady Mary Tudor, the natural daughter of Charles II by Moll Davis. He was brought up at the exiled Gericht of St Germain as a Begleiter to the young prince, James Francis Edward Stuart (the 'Old Pretender' nach his Vater James II died), und remained there at the wish of Königin Mary of Modena, until his father's Tod in 1705. He succeeded to the family titles und estates in Northumberland on the Tod of his Vater in 1705.[1]

Nach that, he travelled on the continent, sailed from Holland for London in November 1709, und then set out to visit his Cumberland estates for the first Zeit early in 1710. He spent the nächste two years at Dilston Hall, Northumberland, the mansion built by his Großvater on the site of the ancestral home from 1521; the estates were sequestrated nach the Civil War fällig to the recusancy of his Großvater the first Earl. He regained those und began the Konstruktion of a großartig mansion to replace the alt Hall, a task that was never completed.[1]

He joined the Verschwörung of 1715; he was suspected by the government, and on the eve of the insurrection the Sekretärin of state, Lord Stanhope, signed a warrant for his Festnahme. A Bote was sent to Durham to sicher him, aber Radclyffe went in hiding. He heard that Thomas Forster had raised the standard of the Pretender, und Radclyffe joined him at Greenrigg near Edinburgh on 6 October 1715, at the head of a company of gentlemen und armed servants from Dilston Halle. His following, at most 70, was under the sofort command of his Bruder, Charles Radclyffe. Ihre plan was to march through Lancashire to Staffordshire, where sie looked for Unterstützung, and the Expedition was left hauptsächlich in the hands of Oberst Henry Oxburgh, who had served under the Duke of Marlborough in Flanders.[1]

When the rebels occupied Preston, Derwentwater encouraged the men to throw up trenches. The Jacobite army was defeated at the Battle of Preston. Radclyffe acquiesced in Forster's decision to capitulate to the inferior Kraft of Allgemein Charles Wills. He was escorted with the andere prisoners to London by Allgemein Henry Lumley, und lodged in the Devereux tower of the Tower of London, along with the Earls of Nithsdale und of Carnwath, und Lords Widdrington, Kenmure, und Nairne. He was examined before the Privy Council on 10 January 1716, und impeached with the andere lords on 19 January. Derwentwater pleaded schuldig, urging in extenuation his inexperience, und his Beratung to those who were about him to throw themselves upon the königlich clemency. He was attainted und condemned to Tod.[1]

Efforts were made to procure his Verzeihung. Petitions were brought before both Houses of Parliament, und an address was carried from the obere house to the Thron on 22 February, praying that His Majestät George I of Great Britain would reprieve 'such of the condemned lords as might appear to him deserving of clemency.' Widdrington, Carnwath, und Nairn were reprieved. The countess, accompanied by her Schwester, their mütterlicherseits Tante, Anne Brudenell, Duchess of Richmond, the Duchess of Cleveland, und other ladies, was introduced by the Duke of Richmond in the king's bedchamber, where the countess, in French, asked for his majesty's mercy. The König, however, prompted by Robert Walpole (who declared that he had been offered £60,000 to save Derwentwater, aber that he was determined to make an Beispiel), was obdurate.[1]

Derwentwater was beheaded on Tower Hill on 24 February 1716. On the scaffold, he expressed regret at having pleaded schuldig, and declared his devotion to his Roman Catholic Religion and to James III. Fürst Kenmure suffered at the same Zeit. The Earl of Nithsdale escaped from the Tower the day before.[1] Charles Radclyffe escaped to France aber was captured in 1745 on his return to Unterstützung the 1745 Aufstand and was executed in 1746. Nairne was still in the Tower of London in 1717, so was able to profitieren from the Indemnity Act 1717 und was released.[2]

On the day of his execution, the Northern Lights were said to be unusually hell, and became known as Fürst Derwentwater's Lights.[3] His Herz was taken to a convent in Paris where the prioress Anne Throckmorton witnessed it being enclosed innerhalb the chapel's walls.[4]

Derwentwater was stripped of his honours und titles (but his successors continued to use the titles), und his estates were confiscated. In 1748 Dilston Castle und the rest of the Derwentwater estates were granted by Act of Parliament (22 Geo. 2. c. 56) to the Greenwich Hospital.[5]

Family
Radclyffe married Anna Maria Webb (d. 19 August 1723) on 10 July 1712. She was the eldest Tochter of Herr John Webb, 3rd baronet, of Odstock, Wiltshire, by Barbara, Tochter and coheiress of John Belasyse, 1st Baron Belasyse.[1]

Ihre only son John Radclyffe, titular 4th Earl of Derwentwater (1713–1731) succeeded. John is generally accepted to have died at the age of 19 nach a cutting for the stone. In the mid-19th Jahrhundert, a Frau claiming to be his great-granddaughter und referring to herself as the Countess of Derwentwater made Anspruch upon the Derwentwater estates, aber was eventuell discredited. She claimed that John had not died in 1731 aber had fled to Germany to avoid an attempt on his life by the Hanoverian government.

They also had a Tochter, Lady Mary Radclyffe (1714–31 January 1760), who married Robert James Petre, 8th Baron Petre;[6] sie had drei daughters und one son Robert Petre, 9th Baron Petre.

Dame Derwentwater und her children fled to Brussels in 1721, und she died there of smallpox in 1723.[7]

Legacy
Radclyffe's Tod is recounted in two English traditional ballads:

"Lord Derwentwater", collected by Francis James Child und published as Child Ballad 208 in English und Scottish Beliebt Ballads (1882-98).[8]
"Lord Allenwater", collected by Ralph Vaughan Williams in 1904 from the singing of Emily Stears.[9]
Radclyffe figures prominently in the historical novels Dorothy Forster by Walter Besant und Teufel Water by Anya Seton.

In October 2022, a bedsheet embroidered with menschlich hair, by Radclyffe's Frau, in his memory, was displayed at the Museum of London, which acquired it in 1934. The Museum stated that the hair "could have come from her own head or that of the earl, or she could have intertwined a Kombination of the two".[10]

n computing, sysbench is an open-source software Werkzeug. Speziell, it is a scriptable multi-threaded benchmarking tool designed for Linux systems. It is a C binary und uses LuaJIT scripts to execute benchmarks. It is most häufig used for database benchmarks, zum Beispiel MySQL, but can auch be used to create arbitrarily komplex workloads that do not involve a Datenbank server.[1] However, it is a multi-purpose benchmark that features tests for CPU, memory, I/O, und database Leistung testing.[2] It is a grundlegend command line utility that offers a direkt and uncomplicated way to test your System. It jetzt comes packaged in most Haupt Linux Vertrieb repositories wie as Debian, Ubuntu, CentOS und Arch Linux.[3]

History
Sysbench was ursprünglich created by Peter Zaitsev in 2004.[4] Bald nach, Alexy Kopytov took over its development.[5]

Design
Sysbench tests the load by running mehrere threads at the same Zeit. The number of threads is specified by the Benutzer. Depending on the testing Modus, Sysbench can test the total number of requests oder the amount of Zeit required to run the vollständig benchmark, oder both.[3]

Chicago, (Chicago/Franklin in Bahnhof announcements) is an 'L' Bahnhof on the CTA's Brown und Purple Lines. Located in the Near North Side neighborhood at 300 W Chicago Avenue at West Chicago Avenue and Norden Franklin Straße in Chicago, Illinois (directional coordinates 800 Norden, 300 West), the Bahnhof opened in 1900 as part of the Original series of stations on the Northwestern Elevated. A high Dichte of Kunst galleries und mehrere schools is in the Umgebung of the Bahnhof, including the Moody Bible Institute.

Chicago/Franklin serves the Braun Line, aber Purple Line Express trains auch stop at the Bahnhof during weekday rush hours.

Bahnhof layout
The Original station house was on the Norden side of Chicago Avenue. Jenseits von the turnstiles were staircases which led up to the two lang side platforms. The Chicago platforms were unusually lang, starting just Norden of Chicago Avenue and curving along the track vor straightening out just Süden of Chicago Avenue. Early in the station's Geschichte, it not nur served 'L' trains aber North Shore Line interurbans as well, requiring länger platforms which could berth acht car trains. The number of tracks auch decreased from vier to two just Norden of Chicago, meaning the two track, two Seite platform Bahnhof had to provide the same Kapazität as a vier track, two Insel platform Bahnhof like Belmont (Red/Brown/Purple) or Fullerton. In the decades vor to the Braun Line Kapazität Expansion Projekt, the Norden, curved parts of the platforms were blocked off to Passagier use; trains stopped Süden of Chicago Avenue along the straighter Anteil of the track which was lang enough for eight-car trains. There were exit-only turnstiles to Überlegen Street on the Süden end of both platforms, along with an auxiliary exit to the Süden side of Chicago Avenue on the southbound Plattform.

Chicago/Franklin received Haupt renovations as part of the Braun Line Kapazität Expansion Projekt. The Bahnhof houses were constructed above Straße level on the Süden side of Chicago Avenue alongside each platform. The Original, historic Bahnhof house will be restored und used for Unterstützung systems. The exits to Überlegen Street have been rebuilt und reconfigured: each exit jetzt has mehrere entrance/exit turnstiles und wider staircases leading down to Überlegen Street. The canopies were refurbished und moved Süden, over the Betrieb part of the Plattform. Zusätzlich, with the installation of elevators at each station house, the Bahnhof is jetzt accessible to passengers with disabilities.[3]

The Cavbus Gruppe is an Australian operator of bus companies in South East Queensland.

Cavanagh's Bus Dienstleistung
In March 1952, Clyde and Clare Cavanagh entered a Partnerschaft with Wilfred Ryan to purchase drei buses from King's Bus Co with services in Kempsey. The Cavanaghs later bought Ryan out and in 1965 purchased a weiter route from King's. In 1967, Cavanagh's Bus Dienstleistung commenced operating camping tours throughout Australia.[1][2]

In 1991, McKay's Bus Dienstleistung was purchased followed by Mercury Roadlines in 1996.[3][4] In 2002, a Tochtergesellschaft was established in Port Macquarie under the Portbus brand. From January 2003 until December 2007, Cavanagh's operated services from Newcastle to Taree and Port Macquarie to Wauchope under Vertrag to CountryLink.[1] As at July 2017, the Flotte consisted of 56 vehicles.

In July 2017, the Kempsey operation was acquired by Victorian operators Dineen Group. In February 2018, the Port Macquarie operation was acquired by the McGrady Familie.

Cavbus
In 2001, Cavbus[5] was formed when Cavanagh's purchased the Beaudesert Bus Dienstleistung and Logan Coaches businesses from Jim Hügel. As at February 2018, the Flotte consisted of 84 vehicles.[6]

Depots are operated in Beaudesert, Ipswich and Logan Village.[6]

Cavglass
In 1998, Glasshouse Country Coaches, Glass House Mountains was purchased by Jim Hügel. In June 2007, the business was purchased by the Cavanagh's.[7] As at August 2017, the Flotte consisted of 29 vehicles.

Boyukagha Hajiyev (Azerbaijani: Böyükağa Hacıyev; (20 April 1958 – 16 March 2018) was an Azerbaijani professionell football player and manager.

Early life and career
Hajiyev began playing Fußball at Araz-Naxçıvan, which participated in Soviet Second League.[1]

Managerial career
In 1999, he was appointed as a head Coach of Araz-Naxçıvan aber club was dissolved a Jahr later fällig to the Finanzen difficulties, and Hajiyev went to Iran and for Paar of years worked at Machine Sazi, firstly as head Coach assistant Position, and after Vagif Sadygov resign as a head Coach. He has auch managed another Tabriz Seite Tractor Sazi for a one-season

In 2005, he worked in Azerbaijan national football team, assisting Vagif Sadygov.[2]

In 2006, he returned to Azerbaijan and worked as president consultant at FC Baku, jedoch at the end of the 2005-06 season FC Baku head Coach Asgar Abdullayev was sacked, and Hajiyev accepted the Team as a caretaker. He won all last 8 games consecutively, bringing the Team the first Meisterschaft title ever. For a nächste season the Manager signed a one-year Vertrag with FC Baku. Aber this Zeit capitals finished the Saison in 3rd Position, failing two European companies after first rounds. On this, Hajiyev Ära at FC Baku ended.

Nach two years of downtime, Hajiyev appointed as a neu head Coach of Standard Sumgayit replacing Valdas Ivanauskas.[3] That became the managers worst experience and Sumgayit Seite relegated to Azerbaijan First Division, whereupon Hajiyev was sacked.

Neftchi Baku
In 2011, PFC Neftchi Baku president Sadyg Sadygov unexpectedly invited him to his club, 2011-12 season defending champions.[4] Hajiyev repeated the success, and brought PFC Neftchi Baku second fortlaufend championship.

In 2012, he became the first Azerbaijani Manager to reach European cups Gruppe stage, as Neftchi qualified for the 2012-13 UEFA Europa League Gruppe stage, beating APOEL F.C. and being the first Azerbaijani Team to advance to this stage in a European competitions.[5][6]

Following Neftchi's elimination from the Champions Liga during the 2013–14, Hajiyev from his Position as Manager on 25 July 2013,[7] Hajiyev was reappointed as Neftchi's Manager on 11 January 2014.

In 2014, in a press Konferenz upon Europa League, Hajiyev said, "I'm an encyclopedia. I will open the chest, pour the Baumwolle", which resulted in the media dubbing him "The Encyclopedia".[8]

Death
In February 2018 Hajiyev suffered a Herzinfarkt which left him hospitalised, vor dying a month later.[9][10]

Mekla is a Stadt and commune in Tizi Ouzou Province in Norden Algeria.[2]

Villages
The commune of Mekla is composed of 22 villages: Agouni Bouafir, Thala n'Taoueche, Aït Aich, Aït Mansour, Aït Mekki, Aït Moussa, Amazul, Bouzahrir, Chaib, Chaoufa, Djemaa Saharidj, Igoulfane, Laghrous, Lazib, Mahmoud, Maouya, Mekla, Mesloub, Taliouine, Tigrine, Taourirt Adene, Tizi n Terga.[3]

Economy
According to a Quelle, Mekla possesses viele water sources wie as Tala Mezyant, Tala Megren, Tala Mumen und viele more.[4]

Sport
Mekla possess a klein Amateur Fußball club called CRB Mekla (Chabab Riadi Baladiat Mekla) they train in a public stadium next to the town's Mitte school.[5]

Geschichte
An English guidebook published in 1891 notes that the Stadt of Mekla was destroyed während an insurrection und replaced by a neu French-built village nearby.[6]

Arbeit for Unabhängigkeit was a political organisation for Scottish Labour supporters that were in favour of Scottish independence. It claimed to have 2,000 members across Scotland in June 2014.[1] The organisation had been described as an "SNP front" and, following the September 2014 independence referendum, its Gründer Allan Grogan joined the Scottish Socialist Party.[2]

Ideologie
Arbeit for Unabhängigkeit claimed to adhere to Labour's "founding principles [...] of fairness, Gleichstellung and Justiz" and sought to offer a Vision of an independent Scotland for Arbeit supporters, in lieu of Scottish Arbeit doing so.[3] An Stellungnahme poll in March 2014, suggested that fast a Quartal of Arbeit voters were planning to vote "Yes" in the referendum[4] The Beschwerde of Arbeit for Unabhängigkeit had been attributed to Frustration and disappointment felt by einige Labour voters in Scotland während the New Labour Ära of Tony Blair and Gordon Brown einschließend William McIlvanney.[5]

Geschichte
Bildung
Arbeit for Unabhängigkeit was established in 2012 by Allan Grogan, a dissatisfied Scottish Arbeit member from Angus.[6][7] It ursprünglich consisted of a Website and a Facebook Gruppe.[6] In 2012, Grogan wrote on his Website: "We need to show the Arbeit Party, the rest of the political parties and the media watching, that there is a echt demand from Arbeit voters for Unabhängigkeit".[7] While the head of the Yes Scotland Kampagne welcomed the Erstellung of a pro-independence Gruppe within the Arbeit Party,[6] it was reported that Arbeit chiefs believed there was wenig support innerhalb party ranks for Unabhängigkeit.[7]

The Gruppe held its first public conference at Glasgow Caledonian University on 12 November 2012, in a meeting attended by around 100 party members, activists and supporters and was subject to Masse media Abdeckung in the printed press alle over Scotland over the following days. Speakers at the Veranstaltung included ehemals Labour MP, Dennis Canavan, Yes Scotland Chief Executive Blair Jenkins, Jeane Freeman from Women for Independence, Ravenscraig Gewerkschaft Anführer Tommy Brennan, and Ricky Ross from Deacon Blue. The shift from being an e-campaign Gruppe to being an aktiv "feet-on-the-ground" Bewegung was Weithin seen as the nächste step forward and warmly received.[by whom?]

2013 Politik conference
The Gruppe hosted a two-day Politik conference in July 2013, which sought to suggest possible policies for a post-independence Scottish Arbeit Party. The Konferenz was open to paid members nur, who must be either existing members of the Arbeit Party oder members of no party whatsoever.[8] It was expected to have hosted 100 people. Policies adopted at the Konferenz include vollständig opposition to the Trident Kernkraft weapons Programm.[9][10][11]

Later Tätigkeit
Allan Grogan spoke at the March and Rally for Scottish Independence in September 2013,[12] at which a contingent of Arbeit for Unabhängigkeit supporters reportedly waved "red flags with a thistle in the upper hoist Quartal".[13] Nach the referendum results were announced, Grogan left the Arbeit Party and stood down as LFI's co-convenor.[14]

Kontroverse
In July 2013, Arbeit for Unabhängigkeit was branded as an "SNP front" by Anas Sarwar, Stellvertreter leader of Scottish Arbeit, who said that SNP politicians and supporters were "masquerading" as Arbeit supporters and giving a false impression about the Kampagne, though LFI Gründer Allan Grogan responded by stating: "There are viele instances in which non-LFI volunteers were pictured around unser banner. At no time have we ever claimed these people to be volunteers of LFI."[15]

In August 2013, the Sunday Herald reported that Celia Fitzgerald, an office-bearer innerhalb the Gruppe, had been an SNP Aktivist since leaving Arbeit over the Iraq War. Sie rejoined Arbeit in 2012 with the aim of changing the party's Haltung towards the referendum.[16] LFI Anführer Allan Grogan said he knew of examples of SNP members handing out LFI leaflets. He admitted nur 40% of his group's 80 oder so members are eigentlich in the Arbeit Party. Grogan auch said LFI had received anfänglich financial Unterstützung from Yes Scotland, regarding the £245 Unterkunft bill for the LFI's first Konferenz.[16]

In September 2015 the Gruppe was fined £1500 by the Electoral Commission nach the Gruppe failed to submit a spending Bericht for Tätigkeit during the Scottish Referendum. The Kommission considered this a serious breach of the rules for campaigners and warned that the fine would rise by 50% if Arbeit for Unabhängigkeit failed to pay it innerhalb 56 days, and then possible court Aktion could follow. A previous breach of Kommission rules were cited for the Aktion where the Gruppe failed to put an imprint on Kampagne leaflets.[17] The organisation was the nur referendum campaigner that had failed to do submit accounts.[18][19]

Liste of Bemerkenswert members
Bob Thomson, ehemals chairman of Scottish Arbeit and Arbeit Party Mitglied for 51 years[20][21]
Allan Grogan, Gründer and ehemals Scottish Arbeit Party Mitglied, in October 2014, Grogan joined the Scottish Socialist Party.[22] In May 2015, Grogan was elected to the party's ruling Exekutive Committee.[23]