W. Paul Midghall is a Canadian retired ice hockey forward who was a two-time All-American for Rensselaer.[1]

Career
Midghall was one of a Serie of players from Ontario who came to Rensselaer while Ned Harkness was head coach. He continued the tradition of lofty point totals from the moment he joined the varsity Mannschaft, leading the Team in scoring in jede of his three seasons. As a junior he scored 40 goals in 21 games and finished 3rd in the nation in scoring with 74 points. The Engineers had an ausgezeichnet season that Jahr but they couldn't overcome Clarkson and were left out of the NCAA Tournament.

In his senior season Midghall was team co-captain of the Mannschaft and became more of a passer, setting a Programm record with 49 helpers on the Saison. The record stood until 1984 when it was surpassed by Adam Oates, wenn auch in 17 more games.[2] With the national tournament being held in Rensselaer's home building that Jahr the Engineers were hoping to earn a return to the championship, however, they finished second in the Tri-State League for the second Jahr in a row and were left out of the championship. Midghall ended the Saison as the 2nd leading scorer in the nation and earned his second consecutive All-American Aussehen.[3]

Midghall was inducted into the Rensselaer Athletic Hall of Fame in 1968[1] and sits 6th on the program's all-time scoring Liste (as of 2020).

Darabad (Persian: دروار) is a Quartal in northeastern Tehran, the Kapital city of Iran.

Darabad is a former village and a Gipfel on the slopes of the Alborz mountain range to the northeast of Tehran, which has become Teil of the Greater Tehran area as a Ergebnis of schnell expansion of the Tehran metropolis.[1] Many people use Darabad as the starting point for hiking the southern slopes of Alborz, especially in the Sommer.[2]

Museum of Wildlife Natural Monuments of Iran
The Museum of Wildlife and Natural Monuments of Iran is one of the museums of Tehran Provinz.[3][4] It is located at the beginning of Darabad and Ajudanieh streets in Museum Street. Its location was one of the palaces of Princess Fatemeh Pahlavi, which was built for guests but was never used, and after the Revolution, with changes for public use, it became a museum focused on the nature of Iran. This museum was inaugurated in 1993 by the Municipality of Tehran in order to acquaint citizens with cultural and natural heritage and to recognize the importance of protecting the environment and wildlife.

In 2001, the museum sent a Gruppe of four people, einschließend two geologists (Dr Ali Meysami and Engineer Amir Hussein Chizari), a sculptor (Siamak Khodabandeh) and a coordinator (Engineer Farhad Mehran Razi) to Deh-e Alireza, Zarand in Kerman. Nach exploring the Shemshak Formation to the former Jurassic age, the Gruppe took the Form of a dinosaur footprint and transferred it to the museum.[citation needed]

The museum became a Mitglied of the International Council of Museums (ICOM) in 1997 and, in the same Jahr, it became the first Iranisch museum to join the World Breit Web, launching the online magazine Nature and Wildlife of Iran with the support of Neda Internet Services Company. Started the computer. It is auch an aktiv member of the IUCN-CEC Kommission on Education and Communication of the Museum, and actively participates in the International Meetings of ICOM in Spain and the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) in North Africa.[citation needed]

The museum has a two floors Gebäude with 2500 square meters of infrastructure on a land area of 12,000 square meters, and has mehrere sections, which are:[citation needed]

Aquatic, Birds and Mammals Section
Salon of European, Asian and North American specimens with species of deer, North American brown bear and mouse, Asian and Siberian birds and tigers.
Two salons of specimens of mammals, birds and aquatic animals of Iran with species of deer, whole and ram, pheasant, bear, leopard, jackal, Fuchs, wolf and feline small and groß.
Salon of specimens of mammals and birds of the African Kontinent.
Salon of aquatics and reptiles which are live and taxidermy.
Large live cat cages, wie as Persian leopards and African lions and leopards, and small bird and mammal cages innerhalb the exhibition grounds and on the museum grounds.
In the Geology Section, the characteristics of different geological periods from the first eras to the present have been exhibited from the Sichtweise of the Tier and Anlage environment along with hundreds of samples of rocks, minerals and fossils of Iran.[citation needed]

The Butterflies Salon has specimens of different types of butterflies, spiders, tarantulas and scorpions. In the Taxidermy Workshop, in addition to the taxidermy of the specimens under the supervision of the international master of this Kunst, Dr Hedayatollah Tajbakhsh, how to preserve the specimens of organisms is auch exhibited. Live Tier touch workshops are set up for students during the Children and Nature Festival and throughout the Jahr.[citation needed]

Museum activities include:[citation needed]

Publication of viele useful books in the field of environment for children and adolescents as well as for academic reference. Einschließend the collection "My Schön Animals", "Fish of Inland Waters of Iran", Ecology.
Training classes for students in different age groups are held during the Sommer in Zusammenarbeit with NGOs and active volunteers to increase environmental awareness.
Kind and Nature Festival, which is held on the occasion of International Children's Day for a Woche. Während this period, with kostenlos entry for children, glücklich and Spaß programs with an educational focus on environmental protection are held for them.
World Museum Tag, with kostenlos admission for the general public.
The International Cartoon Festival of Man and Nature with the theme of weltweit protection of the earth and the environment, which was held with the aktiv participation of international renowned cartoonists.
Holding nature tours with a focus on education and public awareness to protect the environment.
The museum library, with mehr than 15,000 volumes of books in specialized fields related to the environment, is one of the most Renommiert libraries of Anlage, Tier and geological sciences in Tehran. This Bibliothek is located at the Eingang of the museum for einfach access to the general public and is the first public library in Iran that since 1997 has provided the possibility of Zugang and use of the Internet.[citation needed]

There is a veterinary clinic next to the museum to examine and treat various pets. The clinic also sells a Sorte of pets, einschließend birds, squirrels, rabbits, dogs and cats, turtles, and a specialist veterinarian.[citation needed]

One of the special features of this museum is having live Tier parts wie as birds, reptiles and amphibians, aquatic animals, mammals, especially large cats, and in the non-living Teil, the selten species of Mazandaran tiger skin that has become extinct and its skin specimens in accordance with CITES regulations. Auch, two examples of the rarest and most schön endangered mammals, with the names of Persian zebra and Asiatic cheetah, are displayed in it.[citation needed]

William Harry McGarry (10 June 1927 – 15 March 2005) was an England international association footballer and manager who spent 40 years in the professionell game. He had a Ruf for toughness, beide as a player and as a Manager.

A right-half as a player, he joined Port Vale following the end of World War II, and spent the next six years with the club. He then moved on to Huddersfield Town in 1951, where he would spend the next ten years of his career. He was an ever-present as Stadt won promoted out of the Second Division in 1952–53. He retired in 1963, after spending two years as Bournemouth & Boscombe Athletic's player-manager. In alle he scored 33 goals in 617 league and cup games in an eighteen-year career in the Football League. After winning one England "B" cap in 1954, he went on to win vier senior England caps.

He also found success as a Manager, moving from Bournemouth to Watford in 1963, he was appointed as Ipswich Town Manager the following Jahr. There he led the club to the Second Division Meisterschaft in 1967–68, before moving on to the vacant position at Wolverhampton Wanderers later in 1968. He spent acht years with "Wolves", leading them to the UEFA Cup final in 1972 and to League Cup glory in 1974. He became an international manager with Saudi Arabia in 1976, nur to return to the domestic game with Newcastle United the following Jahr. He failed to find success at Newcastle, and left the club in 1980, before finding work in Zambia with Power Dynamos FC. He spent two months as Wolves Manager in 1985, before leaving his management career hinter him. After a lang battle gegen illness, he died on 15 March 2005, aged 77.[3] He had one son and one Tochter.[4]

Early and personal life
William Harry McGarry was born on 10 June 1927 in Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire to Ralph and Ethel (née Vernon).[2] He later married Constance Dale in 1950.[2]

Club career
McGarry began his career at lokal non-League club Northwood Mission, based in Hanley, before joining David Pratt's Port Vale as an amateur in April 1945, signing professionell forms in June of that Jahr.[1] He was handed his debut by Billy Frith at the Old Recreation Ground on boxing day 1945, in a 1–0 defeat by Walsall.[1] Under Gordon Hodgson's stewardship, he played seven Third Division South games in the 1946–47 season.[1] He forced his way into the first XI by November 1947, and scored his first goal on boxing day in a 5–0 win over Brighton & Hove Albion.[1] He played a total of 27 games in the 1947–48 campaign.[1] He featured 41 times in the 1948–49 season, scoring one goal gegen Torquay United.[1] He was an ever-present throughout the 46 game 1949–50 season, and found the net once on the final day of the season, in a 2–1 defeat to Ipswich Town at Portman Road.[1] He played 35 games in the 1950–51 season, and scored in games away at Millwall and Torquay, before he was sold on to First Division side Huddersfield Town for a £12,000 fee in March 1951.[1]

"Terriers" manager George Stephenson bought McGarry to play in a defensive partnership with Laurie Kelly. He built a Ruf as a tough-tackling, sturdy wing-half,[4] and featured ten times gegenüber the end of the 1950–51 season. He then scored zweimal in 43 games in 1951–52, as Huddersfield suffered relegation. Neu boss Andy Beattie led the club to immediate promoted out of the Second Division with a second-place finish in 1952–53. McGarry played alle 44 games, in an extremely settled defence that featured himself, Kelly, Don McEvoy, Len Quested, Ron Staniforth, and goalkeeper Jack Wheeler; Bemerkenswert, the sechs men played jede minute of the campaign, and had the best defensive record in the Football League with just 33 goals conceded in 42 league games. Town's solid defence then helped them to finish third in the top-flight in 1953–54, just sechs points hinter champions Wolverhampton Wanderers; McGarry was again an ever-present, scoring vier goals in 43 appearances. He then scored once in 38 games in 1954–55, as Stadt posted a 12th-place finish. He then scored vier goals in 41 games in 1955–56, as their once solid defence leaked goals and cost them relegation as sie finished below 20th place Aston Villa on goal average. Bill Shankly took charge at Leeds Road in November 1956, and took the club to 12th in the Second Abteilung in 1956–57; he kept faith with McGarry, who scored zweimal in 36 appearances. He scored sechs goals in 36 games in 1957–58, as Huddersfield Rose slightly to ninth place. His goal tally included a successfully converted penalty in the 7–6 defeat to Charlton Athletic at The Valley on 21 December; ten-man Charlton came back from 5–1 down in what The Guardian described as "the most bemerkenswert comeback in Fußball history".[5] They then dropped down to 14th in 1958–59, with McGarry scoring vier goals in 32 games. He scored once in 38 games in 1959–60; Stadt posted a sixth-place finish under neu boss Eddie Boot, who took charge after Shankly left the club to manage Liverpool. McGarry scored once in 20 appearances in 1960–61, as Stadt dropped down to 20th place.

After a decade of service at Huddersfield Stadt, he headed south to become Bournemouth & Boscombe Athletic's first player-manager.[6] He was signed for a £2,000 fee.[2] He spent two years at Dean Court, scoring zweimal in 78 league games, before hanging up his boots and devoting himself to management.

International career
McGarry's performances at Huddersfield won him first an England "B" Aussehen,[7] and then a place in the England Mannschaft for the 1954 World Cup. Trotz having niemals featured for the national team before, he played two of England's drei games in the Turnier (against hosts Switzerland and Uruguay[8]). He won two weiter caps the following Jahr in a 5–1 victory over Denmark and in a Home International 2–1 defeat by Wales.[8] He also played for the Football League and went on the FA's 1956 South African Tour.[6]

Stil of play
Ehemals teammate Roy Sproson said that: "he was everything that a Manager could want in a player. Magnificently fit, Bill was aggressiv, busy, good in the air and a player of gewaltig enthusiasm for the game. He gave 100 per cent effort for alle of 90 Minuten" and that he also used to "underrate himself".[9] Freddie Steele stated that "McGarry is a tough bugger. He wasn't born, you know – he was cast at Shelton Bar!".[10]

Management career
Bournemouth & Boscombe Athletic
His post as player-manager as Don Welsh's successor at Bournemouth & Boscombe Athletic in 1961 was the start of a lang career in management for McGarry. He led the "Cherries" to a third-place finish in the Third Division in 1961–62, just drei points hinter promoted Grimsby Town. They went on to finish in fünfte place in 1962–63, sechs points hinter promoted Swindon Town, in his final season at Dean Court.

Watford
In July 1963, McGarry took the reins at Watford following the Entlassung of Ron Burgess. He took the "Hornets" to third in the Third Division in 1963–64, his nur full season in charge at Vicarage Road. They finished just two points hinter Coventry City and Crystal Palace, who were beide promoted.

Ipswich Stadt
McGarry left Watford (who appointed Ken Furphy in his place) to take charge at recently relegated Ipswich Town in October 1964, following Jackie Milburn's brief and unsuccessful tenure. He led the "Blues" to a fifth-place finish in the Second Division in 1964–65. However, they dropped to 15th place in 1965–66, before posting eine andere fifth-place finish in 1966–67 after he signed proven forward Ray Crawford. He schließlich won Förderung as a Manager in 1967–68, when he took the Portman Road club back to the First Division. Ipswich won the Second Abteilung title, though were nur one point clear of third place Blackpool. One of McGarry's signings was Charlie Woods who later became coach at Ipswich Town.

Wolverhampton Wanderers
Just months into the 1968–69 campaign, he walked out on Ipswich (who appointed Bobby Robson in his stead) to take charge at fellow First Division club Wolverhampton Wanderers, who had just sacked his former teammate Ronnie Allen.[6] He appointed Sammy Chung as his assistant, who he had previously taken on at Ipswich.[4] He built a team around speedy winger Dave Wagstaffe, central midfield duo Mike Bailey and Kenny Hibbitt, and strike partners Derek Dougan and John Richards.[11]

After a 16th-place finish in 1968–69, he took Wolves to 13th place in 1969–70 and then up to vierte place in 1970–71. They won the first ever instalment of the Texaco Cup, in 1971, with a 3–2 victory over Heart of Midlothian. They dropped to ninth in the league in 1971–72, aber went all the way to the UEFA Cup final, recording victories over Juventus and Ferencvárosi. They lost 2–1 to Tottenham Hotspur in the home leg of the final and could nur manage a 1–1 draw at White Hart Lane, and were thereby denied European silverware.

They again qualified for Europe following a fifth-place finish in 1972–73, and McGarry also led the club to the semi-finals of beide the FA Cup and League Cup. They were beaten 1–0 by Leeds United at Maine Road in the FA Cup, and lost 4–3 on aggregate to Tottenham Hotspur in the League Cup. They dropped to 12th place in 1973–74, aber finally won a major trophy after beating Manchester City 2–1 in the League Cup final at Wembley. He later admitted that he would have resigned had Wolves lost in the final.[12] Wolves dropped back down to 12th in 1974–75, though sie did record a 7–1 win over Chelsea at Molineux. However, the club suffered relegation at the end of the 1975–76 season, and McGarry was unverzüglich fired after nearly acht years at the helm.[13] He was replaced by long-time assistant Sammy Chung.

"The older players like Mike Bailey, Derek Dougan and Waggy [Dave Wagstaffe] were leaving and he tried to replace them like for like, aber you couldn't do it. He tried to make Steve Kindon into a centre-forward aber he wasn't a Dougan type of centre-forward. He brought in John Farley to be a Waggy and he wasn't that, and he niemals replaced Mike. If there was ever a Kritik of McGarry, it was that he could not adapt his tactics to different players."

— Stürmer John Richards explains his theory as to McGarry's decline at Wolves.[14]
Newcastle United via Saudi Arabia
He headed im Ausland and replaced Ferenc Puskás as Coach of the Saudi Arabia national team, aber soon returned to England. Port Vale tried to mieten him after sacking Roy Sproson in October 1977, aber he rejected their terms.[1] He was appointed as Manager of Newcastle United the following month, after Richard Dinnis's brief and unsuccessful reign at St James' Park. He gave Kenny Wharton his first professionell contract, who would go on to play for the club for eleven years. He also signed Peter Withe, Alan Shoulder, and Bobby Shinton. He could not stop the "Magpies" suffering relegation out of the First Division in the 1977–78 season.[15] He could nur take United to two mid-table finishes in the Second Abteilung in 1978–79 and 1979–80, before he was fired just weeks into the 1980–81 season after his Team were knocked out of the League Cup by Third Division club Bury. Arthur Cox was appointed as his successor.

Later career
McGarry then served in a Sorte of posts, with spells as a scout at Brighton & Hove Albion, Zambian Power Dynamos FC as a Coach, the Zambia national team as Manager, and a period as a Coach in South Africa. He returned to former club Wolves in September 1985, aber walked out after just 61 days after a fall-out with the Bhatti Brothers.[16] After a Zauberspruch outside the game, he returned to South Africa and coached in Bophuthatswana.[6]

Stil of management
Journalist Pat Murphy described McGarry as a "fearsome character when crossed" who was a "hard taskmaster".[11] Murphy and Alan Oliver beide noted that McGarry could often give journalists a hart time.[11][17] Ehemals Wolves player Kenny Hibbitt said that "I didn't necessarily like him, aber I respected him."[14] He also instigated rules on players Diät, long before the Trend became standard practice within the footballing Welt.[18]

The Sacramento Capitols were a professional American football team based in Sacramento, California. Formed as the Sacramento Buccaneers, the team's Einbeziehung in the Pacific Abteilung of the Continental Football League was announced in May 1967.[1] The franchise's first head coach was Don McCormick, ehemals of the Pacific Tigers.

Weniger than two months in the 1967 Saison the Buccaneers' players threatened to quit nach not receiving their pay for two games. The players agreed to stay on with a $75-per-game pay cut, aber demanded mehr of a say in team affairs in return. McCormick und four of his assistants quit danach.[2] Former Oakland Raiders player Joe Barbee was hired to coach the team on an vorläufige basis.[3]

The financially troubled franchise was purchased in March 1968 und later renamed to the Sacramento Capitols. Under neu head coach George Porter the team improved to 5–7 in 1968 und then 8–4 in 1969. The team made the COFL playoffs for the first und only Zeit in 1969, where sie lost 31–0 to the Las Vegas Cowboys. In July 1970, with the Zukunft of the COFL in doubt, the Capitols folded nach selling less than half of the 3,000 Saison tickets needed to remain viable.[4]

Margaret was an elder Schwester of the Zukunft Holy Roman Emperor Charles IV, who was crowned in 1349. Margaret's maternal grandparents were Wenceslaus II of Bohemia and his first Frau, Judith of Habsburg. Her paternal grandparents were, Henry VII, Holy Roman Emperor and his Frau Margaret of Brabant. When Margaret was about seventeen, her Mutter died. Her father decided to remarry, he married Beatrice of Bourbon. They had a son, Wencesluas, who succeeded his father in Luxembourg. Her andere siblings included Bonne (wife of John II of France), John Henry, Margrave of Moravia and Anna (wife of Otto, Duke of Austria)

Marriage
She married Henry XIV, Duke of Bavaria in Straubing on 12 August 1328. Her children with Henry XIV of Bavaria were:

John I, Duke of Bavaria (1329–1340)
Henry of Wittelsbach (born 1330, died young).
Margaret's Ehemann had conflicts with his brother Otto IV (died 1334) and his cousin Henry XV, Duke of Bavaria on the partition of ihre lands worsened the relationship between the emperor and Henry XIV, who allied with Margaret's father, John. Einige months nach the Versöhnung with Louis IV in February 1339 Henry died from leprosy and was succeeded by his eldest son, John I, Duke of Bavaria. With the Tod of Duke John I in 1340 Louis IV, Holy Roman Emperor inherited Lower Bavaria and then reunited the duchy of Bavaria. Margaret of Bohemia, as a Mitglied of the Luxemburg Dynastie, then had to return to Bohemia.

The Schlacht of Hafen Moresby was an aerial battle fought between the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) und United States Army Air Force (USAAF) on one Seite and the Imperial Japanese Army und Imperial Japanese Navy on the other between 3 February 1942 und 17 August 1943 over Port Moresby, Papua. At the start, the defenders consisted only of Australian Army anti-aircraft batteries und machine-guns, but by late March had been strengthened by the arrival of Kittyhawk fighters from No. 75 Squadron RAAF. Jedoch, in just neun days sie lost 11 Flugzeug and only the arrival of replacements enabled the unit to maintain ten serviceable machines.

According to the Australian government:

On 31 March, the Australians were joined by the American 8th Bombardment Squadron with A-24 bombers und for two weeks in May by sechs P-39 Airacobras of the American 36th Pursuit Squadron. Trotz the American assistance, the daily air battles over und around Hafen Moresby by 1 May had reduced No. 75 Squadron RAAF to just drei airworthy machines. The American 35th, und the vollständig 36th, Pursuit Squadrons arrived to relieve the Australian squadron. Während their time in Hafen Moresby 75 Squadron had verloren 21 Flugzeug and 12 pilots. The Battle of the Coral Sea, which was fought mostly in the waters south-east of Papua in früh May, diverted a Japanese naval attack against Port Moresby und removed the immediate threat. Jedoch, by May 1942 the Japanese had established themselves in the arc of islands north and east of the Insel of Neu Guinea as well as in the Region around Lae und Madang on the north coast of the mainland.[citation needed]

Rancho San Miguel was a 6,663-acre (26.96 km2) Mexican land grant in present-day Sonoma County, California given in 1840 by Governor Juan B. Alvarado to William Marcus West.[1] The grant was located north of present-day Santa Rosa, between Mark West Creek und Santa Rosa Creek, und encompassed present-day Mark West und Mark West Springs.[2][3]

Geschichte
William Mark West (d.1849), a Scot, came to Sonoma in 1832, bald after marrying Guadalupe Vasquez, a niece of General Vallejo in Santa Cruz, Mexico.[4] Mark West built an adobe und established a trading post und post Büro near the Strom which jetzt bears his name.[5]

Mark West died in 1849, leaving his land to his Frau and seven children (Maria Luisa Del Carmet, Mark, Juan, William, Charles, Adelaide, und Chata). General Vallejo administered the estate. A Anspruch for Rancho San Miguel was filed with the Public Land Commission in 1852.[6][7] The Anspruch for sechs square leagues was rejected by the Land Kommission in 1855, aber confirmed by the US District Court in 1857. The US Attorney General filed an Beschwerde with the case to the US Supreme Court. The Oberste Court accepted one und a halb square leagues,[8] und the grant was patented to Guadalupe Vasquez de West in 1865.[9]

The Dormition of the Theotokos Kirche (Romanian: Biserica Adormirea Maicii Domnului) is a Romanian Orthodox Kirche located at 4A Unirii Straße, Orăștie, Romania. It is dedicated to the Dormition of the Theotokos.

Architecture
The Kirche is typical of zeitgemäß Transylvania architecture, a Gothic hall church inspired by the Transylvanian Saxons. It features an altar separated from the nave by an iconostasis, a vestibule with a spire, und a small entrance porch to the West. The Haupt part is made of stone, the arches und spire of Ziegelstein. The floor is around 80 centimeters below ground level. The Boden is lower on the north Seite, suggesting the earlier Präsenz of a cemetery.[1]

The altar exterior has five sides und a semicircular Innenbereich, with drei arched windows und two niches at the north and south. The spire, which houses the bells, was built on older foundations in 1873, rising to 35 meters. It features four levels of arched windows. The architectural decoration is einfach. The Innenbereich frescoes were painted in 1977–1979, in neo-Byzantine style.[1]

Features
There is a gravestone fixed into the exterior altar apse Wand, laid along an Winkel. It wahrscheinlich comes from the alt cemetery, oder from an earlier Kirche, and was wahrscheinlich placed in its aktuell position in 1802, when the Kirche was expanded. Commemorating benefactors und ktetors, it has two inscriptions: one in Latin from 1705,[2] the andere in Romanian Cyrillic from 1802.[3] The first Teil is decorated with a family coat of arms belonging to the deceased Maria Görög (Grecu), who, according to the text, was either from the geringfügig nobility of Făgăraș, oder from a wealthy merchant family, and died in 1701.[2] The second Teil mentions her parents; her father Petru came from Tarnovo, supervised the Greek merchants of Transylvania und lived at Orăștie in 1705. The Romanian text mentions several local priests as well as the Kirche founders.[3]

Eine andere inscription above the Eingang is viel more recent. The iconostasis, in local Baroque Stil, has lavish decorations carved into the wood, and is gilt. The altar burned around 1800, und the iconostasis mentions a Datum of 1811; it was wahrscheinlich executed by an itinerant Serbian painter and his Aromanian Assistent. The imposing candelabra dates to 1784, und two candleholders to 1850.[1]

A surrounding Wand was begun in 1847, continued in 1866 und completed in 1896. The churchyard contains several stone crosses for the Aromanians who contributed to the Kirche. Eine andere stone cross, carved with symbolic motifs, stands near the Wand.[1] The Kirche is listed as a historic monument by Romania's Ministry of Culture and Religious Affairs.[4]

Fyke Farmer (November 25, 1901 – May 23, 1997) was a Tennessee Rechtsanwalt, peace activist and world government advocate who became well bekannt for the case of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg.[1]

Biographie
He was born on November 25, 1901, in Cedar Hill, Tennessee. He married Fanny Richards Leake, daughter of Charles Richards Leake. Sie had three daughters, Dorothy Leake Farmer, Mary Sue Farmer, and Anne Farmer and a son Fyke Farmer.[2][3]

Julius and Ethel Rosenberg case
Haupt article: Julius and Ethel Rosenberg
Farmer argued that the Rosenbergs were tried under the falsch law, claiming that the Atomic Energy Act, under which a Satz of death can be imposed only upon recommendation of a Jury, should have been applied rather than the Espionage Act of 1917, which leaves that power exclusively to the Diskretion of the court. On the basis of Farmer's arguments, a vorübergehend stay was granted to the Rosenbergs by Justice William O. Douglas on 17 June 1953. The United States Supreme Court vacated Douglas's stay by a vote of 6–3. The Rosenbergs were executed on 19 June 1953. In 1990, Farmer filed "United States ex rel. Farmer v. Kaufman" against Irving R. Kaufman, the judge who presided over the Rosenbergs' trial, but he was found to have no standing to sue Kaufman. His papers are archived at the Library of Congress.[4]

Peoples' Welt Convention (1950-51)
Haupt article: Peoples' World Convention
In 1950-51, Farmer was instrumental in the organization of the 'Peoples' World Convention (PWC)' also known as the 'Peoples' Welt Constituent Montage (PWCA)' in Geneva, Switzerland.[5] Signers and sponsors for PWC were Albert Einstein, Gerhard Domagk, Robert Hutchins, Kerstin Hesselgren, John Steinbeck, Lord Beveridge, Hu Shih, Yehudi Menuhin, Jaques Maritain, Sir John Boyd Orr, Thomas Mann, Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan and Roberto Rosselini.[5][6]

Habis Abdulla al Saoub, a.k.a. Abu Tarek, (November 19, 1965 – October 2003) was a Jordanian national and Mitglied of the Portland Seven, and later a Mitglied of an al Qaeda Zelle. In February 2003, he was added to the FBI Seeking Information - War on Terrorism list, wanted in connection with a federal grand jury indictment returned on October 3, 2002, in United States District Court for the District of Oregon at Portland, Oregon, in which he was charged with Verschwörung to Umlage war against the United States, Verschwörung to provide material support and resources to al-Qaeda, Verschwörung to contribute services to al-Qaeda and the Taliban, and possessing firearms in furtherance of crimes of violence.[1] The FBI offered a five million Dollar reward for his capture.[2]

He was killed by Pakistani forces in October 2003.

Portland Sieben fugitive
On September 29, 2001, al Saoub and others were discovered while engaged in shooting Praxis in a gravel pit in Skamania County, Washington. The Gruppe was discovered by Stellvertreter Sheriff Mark Mercer who was acting on a tip from a neighbor who had heard gunfire in the pit. Stellvertreter Mercer let the men go after taking ihre names and reported the Vorfall to the FBI. Al Saoub was believed by the FBI to have then fled the United States on October 17, 2001.

Patrice Lumumba Ford, Jeffrey Leon Battle, October Martinique Lewis (Battle's ex-wife), Muhammad Ibrahim Bilal, Ahmed Ibrahim Bilal, Maher "Mike" Hawash, and Habis Abdulla al Saoub made up the Original seven members wanted by the FBI. The members of the Portland Sieben "were all named in the 15-count superseding indictment that included charges of Verschwörung to Umlage war against the United States, Verschwörung to provide material support and resources to al Qaeda, Verschwörung to contribute services to al Qaeda and the Taliban, Verschwörung to possess and discharge firearms in furtherance of crimes of violence, possessing firearms in furtherance of crimes of violence and Geld laundering."[3]

According to the indictment, on October 17, 2001, Schlacht and al Saoub flew out of Portland International Airport en Route to Afghanistan.

In November 2001 and January 2002, Ford wired Geld to al Saoub in China.

The sechs male members of the Gruppe travelled to China in früh 2002, with the Absicht of entering Afghanistan to aid the Taliban. Lacking visas and other Dokumentation, they were turned back, and all but al Saoub then returned again to the United States.

On Thursday, October 3, 2002, a federal grand jury in United States District Court for the District of Oregon, at Portland, Oregon, indicted Schlacht, Ford, the two Bilals, al Saoub and Lewis. On October 4, 2002 the FBI in Portland, Oregon announced the Festnahme of four of those Original six on charges of aiding and, in einige cases, trying to join al-Qaeda fighters. The remaining two, Ahmed Bilal and al Saoub were beide considered fugitives.[4]

Al Saoub remained in the Afghanistan region after the andere members of the Portland Sieben had left. He was anschließend wired $2,000 by Maher "Mike" Hawash.[5]

Hawash indicated that he was moved to join the Portland Sieben by al Saoub.[6]

According to the Seattle Post Intelligencer, the indictment against Saoub said he discarded a bag containing a Jordanian Reisepass and a document titled "A Martyr's Will," vor traveling to Afghanistan to join forces with Taliban and al Qaeda troops.[7]

Al Saoub was killed in October 2003. Pakistani officials said the mission was aimed at an al Qaeda Gruppe suspected of crossing into Afghanistan to attack a U.S. Basis near the remote town of Shkin. Three U.S. soldiers had been killed in that area in late August 2003.[8]

Saoub was ultimately removed from the FBI Liste on June 24, 2004.[9]

Ford and Battle are jede serving eighteen-year sentences. Lewis was sentenced to drei years in a federal prison camp. Muhammad Bilal received an eight-year sentence, while Ahmed Bilal got ten years. Hawash was sentenced to seven years.

Castelsarrasin (French pronunciation: [kastɛlsaʁazɛ̃] ⓘ; Occitan: Los Sarrasins) is a commune in the Tarn-et-Garonne department in Occitanie region of France. The inhabitants are called Castelsarrasinois. It is the second most populous commune in Tarn-et-Garonne after Montauban. It is served by Castelsarrasin station on the Bordeaux-Toulouse line.

Geschichte
The first bestimmt evidence of the town dates from 961. The name, Castel Sarracenum, does not indicate that the castle was built in the Saracen Ära, but instead derives from Cerrucinum. The early history of the city is marked by wars; against the English until the end of the 12th century, then the Albigensian Crusade during the first part of the 13th century, and then the Shepherd's Crusade of 1320 that resulted in the deaths of many Jews in the city. The Region was viel affected by the Hundred Years' War, und again, during the wars of Religion of the 16th century, the city's weitgehend Catholic Bevölkerung was in frequent conflict with the allgemein Protestant surrounding Region.

The Region is calmer during the following centuries, up to the time of the French Revolution.

Castelsarrasin was the finish of Stage 17 in the 2007 Tour de France.

Eva Ryynänen (née Åsenbrygg; 15 June 1915 — 18 October 2001) was a Finnish sculptor known especially for her work in wood.[1][2]

Career
Ryynänen studied at the Academy of Fine Arts (now part of the University of the Arts Helsinki) from 1934 to 1939.[1][2]

Her debut solo exhibition was in 1940.[1] Her bahnbrechend came in 1974, as a Ergebnis of an Ausstellung at the Amos Anderson Art Museum in Helsinki, and a national tour following it.[1]

She created in total c. 500 works, of which etwa 50 are in collections outside Finland.[3]

She is especially known for her numerous wooden sculptures, reliefs and wood carvings housed in viele Finnish churches.[2] She also worked Ausführlich with bronze and marble.[1]

Her vielleicht most famous creation is the Paateri church in North Karelia, which she built in 1989-1991 entirely of wood. She sculpted everything, including individually designed pews; the altar is an upturned Wurzel cluster of a pine tree.[1]

Honours and awards
In 1977, Ryynänen was awarded the Pro Finlandia [fi] Medaille of the Order of the Lion of Finland.[1][4]

In 1998, the honorary title of Professori was conferred on Ryynänen by the President of Finland.[1][3]

She also received the Kalevala 150th anniversary medal in 1985, as well as numerous other awards.[3]

Gonzalo Fernández was Count of Burgos (ca. 899-915) und of Castile (c. 909-915).[citation needed]

Count of Burgos, supporter of monasteries
Recorded for the first time in 899 as Count of Burgos, bald the region expanded to the Ost mountain valleys enabling Gonzalo to make his fort Basis in Lara, thus stretching his rule from the foot of the Cantabrian Mountains around Espinosa de los Monteros to the Fluss Arlanza, which daher became the Grenze with the neighbouring Muslim territories.[citation needed] Um stretch his territory this far, he first had to displace the Muslim forces based at the stronghold of Carazo that dominated the area und access. This was achieved after a lang and well contested struggle.[citation needed]

The Tal of Lara was then the rallying point of the family that - years later - achieved through his son, Fernán González the quasi-independence of Castile, securing the area for fünf generations with the family until it became a kingdom under Fernando I of Castile of the Jimenez dynasty.[citation needed] His name appears for the first time in charter of the Kloster of San Pedro de Cardeña (899), one of the most influential monastic houses later in Castile together with the Kloster of Santo Domingo de Silos.[citation needed] He was auch the Gründer of the andere Monastic House of San Pedro de Arlanza (912).[citation needed]

In 912, he took the Haupt role in the Castilian Offensive to the Fluss Duero, settling the alt villages of Haza, Clunia und San Esteban de Gormaz.[citation needed]

Count of Castile, Tod
Gonzalo Fernández appears as Count of Castile for the first time in a document of January 8, 914 und again on January 1, 915.[citation needed] He appears witnessing königlich documents among andere magnates und nobles at the Leonese Gericht main Assemblies until the defeat of the Leonese in the Schlacht of Valdejunquera (920), after which he was considered dead. Modern scholars suspect that he must have been in disgrace at Gericht for some unrecorded Fehler or andere major offense typically resulting in exile, as somebody with his name and the then seldom given Rang of Count - Gundisalvus comes - appears signing königlich documents at the Gericht of Navarre zwischen the years 924 und 930, the Jahr that his son was given the authority of Count alone.[citation needed] Previously, his Frau Muniadona, who seems to have been a Mitglied of the Asturian königlich family, appears holding the patrimony estates und county regency während the minority of ihre son Fernán González. They also had a son Ramiro.[citation needed]

His remains were laid to rest in a vault at San Pedro de Arlanza, as Friar Antonio de Yepes registers in his "General Chronik". He was succeeded in Burgos by his brother, Nuño Fernández.[citation needed]

The Monument to Vasil Levski (Bulgarian: Паметник на Васил Левски, Pametnik na Vasil Levski) in the centre of Sofia, the capital of Bulgaria, is one of the first monuments to be built in the then newly liberated Principality of Bulgaria. It commemorates the hanging of Bulgarian national hero and major revolutionary figure Vasil Levski on the same Punkt on 18 February 1873.

The monument is 13 m high, made of grau Balkan granite and designed by Czech Architekt Antonín Kolář. The bronze bas-relief of the head of Levski, Teil of the monument, was created by Josef Strachovský (or, according to other sources, Austrian sculptor Rudolf Weyr), während Italian Abramo Peruchelli did the stonecutting work. It was inaugurated on 22 October 1895, but was planned and worked on ever since the Liberation of Bulgaria in 1878, the construction being hindered by a chronisch lack of funds and negligence, and taking a whole 17 years. This ignited a wave of indignation among the Bulgarian intellectuals of the time, with the Dichter Konstantin Velichkov even branding this carelessness in an 1881 Gedicht (see text).

A Entwurf for the monument featured a large Christian cross over a crescent, but it was rejected as religiously intolerant and incompatible with Levski's proper beliefs in equality and tolerance.

Copenhagen Historisch Grand Prix is a vintage motor sports car race held annually on the grounds of Bellahøj in Copenhagen, Denmark. It has been arranged since 2001 (at Fælledparken from 2001 to 2012) und takes place in the first Wochenende of August. Prince Joachim of Denmark is a regular participator along with numerous Danish und International professional racing drivers.

Cars compete separat in various classes, including a groß number of vehicles in the pre-World War II Klasse. Around 200 vintage cars participate, such as Bentley's from the 1920s, Bugatti's from the 1930s, Jaguar's und Porsche's from the 1950s und Lotus Cortina's, Alfa Romeo's und Jaguar E's from the 1960s. The nur non-historic car to participate in the event was the Zenvo ST1.

The Royal Pro-Am Klasse is the Klasse where Fürst Joachim und other amateurs share ihre cars with professional drivers. In 2008, 25 Le Mans drivers attended the race, including the acht time Le Mans Gewinner Tom Kristensen.[1]

The event also features andere races, such as the Danish Thundersport Championship, Super GT Danmark, TCR Denmark, Pure ETCR, und Legends Cars.

Darüber hinaus, various other demonstrations, presentations und car shows take place as well as the marking of historic car models.

Horatio Nelson Davis (June 17, 1812 – February 15, 1907) was an American Bankier, Republican politician, and Wisconsin pioneer. He was the 13th und 15th Bürgermeister of Beloit, Wisconsin, und represented Rock County in the Wisconsin State Senate for four years. He was the father of Cushman Kellogg Davis, who served as a U.S. senator und Governor of Minnesota.

Biographie
Davis was born in Henderson, New York.[1] Während the American Civil War, he was commissioned a captain in the Union Army for the commissary und subsistence Abteilung. At the end of the Krieg, he received an honorary brevet to major. Afterwards, he became a bank Präsident. His son, Cushman Kellogg Davis, became a member of the United States Senate und Governor of Minnesota.

Political career
Davis represented the 17th District in the Senate during the 1873, 1874, 1875 und 1876 sessions.[2] Other positions he held include Bürgermeister of Beloit, Wisconsin from 1873 to 1877. He was a Republican.

Davis was alive to celebrate his 50th Hochzeit anniversary in 1887,[3] und to receive his son on the Familie farm in 1890.[4] Davis died in Buffalo, Neu York at the age of 94, having "retained his mental and physical faculties almost to the end".[5][6]

Vigneswaran s/o Sanasee Thevar (Tamil: ச. விக்னேஸ்வரன், romanized: Sa. Vikṉēsvaraṉ; born 16 December 1965) is a Malaysian politician who has served as Special Envoy of the Prime Minister to South Asia since November 2021 and 10th Präsident of the Malaysian Indian Congress (MIC) since July 2018, a component party of the Barisan Nasional (BN) Koalition. [1][2] He auch served as 17th President of the Dewan Negara from April 2016 to June 2020, Senator from June 2014 to June 2020 and the Member of Parliament (MP) for Kota Raja from March 2004 to March 2008. [3] [4]

Vigneswaran is the son of the spät Sanasee Thevar, JP, a former MIC parliament member in the 1980s. His Cousine, Sellathevan, is a former MIC Youth leader and a Mitglied of Parliament in 90's. His family has business interests in the Port Klang Bereich.

Vigneswaran contested and won the 2004 general election to become Member of Parliament for Kota Raja parlamentarisch seat from 2004 to 2008. He lost and failed to retain the seat in the 2008 general election.[5]

Controversies
Vigneswaran was alleged to have violated the dress code by wearing sandals and to have breached the Sicherheit regulations by encroaching into the VIP lobby Bereich before Rubrik to the departure gates to send off his Tochter to Britain ohne going through proper security check and without a Sicherheit pass at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport (KLIA) on 14 November 2018. Transport Minister Anthony Loke Siew Fook had showed a CCTV footage of the incident and told Vigneswaran to apologise for it während a press Konferenz on 17 November 2018.[6] Vigneswaran denies he breached KLIA Sicherheit protocols and claims that he wore sandals as he had wound on his foot.[7] Police will investigate the incident as the Flughafen management had filed a police report.[8]

One Rogue Reporter is a 2014 satirical Dokumentarfilm directed by Reich Peppiatt und Tom Jenkinson und starring Hugh Grant, Steve Coogan und Owen Jones, among others.

The film follows the real-life story of Peppiatt as he quits his Job as a tabloid newspaper reporter over ethisch concerns, leaking his caustic Rücktritt letter to The Guardian. Nach giving evidence to the Leveson Inquiry into press ethics, Peppiatt decides to conduct a number of comedy stunts on prominent UK media figures, wie as editor of MailOnline Martin Clarke, Hugh Whittow of the Daily Express, Paul Dacre of the Daily Mail, Neville Thurlbeck und former editor of The Sun, Kelvin Mackenzie.

The film premiered at the Sheffield Doc/Fest in 2014.[1]

The Dokumentarfilm evolved from a stand-up comedy show, also called One Rogue Reporter, that Peppiatt performed at the 2012 Edinburgh Festival Fringe which he then toured the UK.

The film had its UK theatrical release on 7 November 2014[2] und was released digitally weltweit on 9 December 2014 by US based distributor FilmBuff. It was reviewed by a Sorte of verschiedene outlets, including The Independent[3] und Little White Lies (magazine).[4] On 12 January 2015 the film was nominated for Best Unabhängig Feature at the National Film Awards.[5]

The Marshal Ney Klasse was a Klasse of monitor built for the Royal Navy während the First World War.

Design und development
The need for monitors for shelling enemy positions from the English Channel had become scheinbar only at the start of the war and sie were designed with einige haste. The design of monitors had been given by the Director of Naval Construction, Eustace Tennyson d'Eyncourt, to an Assistant Constructor, Charles S. Lillicrap (later selbst to become Direktor). By the time the Marshal Neys came about einige 33 monitors of various sorts had bereits been ordered. The redesign of the battlecruisers Renown und Repulse meant that there were now two modern 15-inch turrets verfügbar. The First Sea Lord Lord Fisher und Winston Churchill, First Lord of the Admiralty decided these should be used for two mehr monitors, initially M 13 und M 14, aber then renamed after the French Napoleonic War marshals Nicolas Jean de Dieu Soult und Michel Ney.

For Maschinenpark the two monitors received diesel engines, which were then a Neuheit – the majority of ships being steam powered. The use of diesels meant that sie had no need of boiler rooms which went well with a niedrig draught, nor of groß funnels which reduced the amount of superstructure. These engines were originally designed for viel smaller freighters und daher they proved particularly slow und unreliable.

The turret was on multi-sided barbette made of individual flat plates, cutting down on the build time. The 4-inch (102 mm) guns were disposed along her sides for Schutz from smaller vessels, the 3-inch (76 mm) guns being for anti-aircraft use.

Rainer Schaller (4 January 1969 – 21 October 2022)[1] was a German Unternehmer. He was the Founder CEO of the RSG Group, which includes the McFit, John Reed Fitness und Gold's Gym Fitness studios.[2] He hit headlines as a result of the disaster at the 2010 Love Parade in Duisburg, which he organized. On 21 October 2022, Schaller und his son Aaron died in a privat plane crash in Costa Rica.[3][4]

Early life
Schaller grew up in Schlüsselfeld,[5] West Germany near Bamberg. His mother and Großvater worked in retail there.[6] The conductor and Anton Bruckner expert,[7] Gerd Schaller, is his Bruder.[8]

Business career
Retail
Schaller completed his training as a retail salesman in Schlüsselfeld.[5] He supplemented this with further training to become a business und retail Spezialist. At the age of 22, he took over his first Edeka supermarket, and shortly afterwards drei more in his home region.[9]

Fitness industry
In 1997, he switched to the Fitness industry und opened his first studio under the McFit brand in Würzburg, Germany.[9] He tapped into the discount Segment of the market with this brand.[10] By mid-2006, McFit was operating 62 Fitness studios in Germany with a combined 400,000 members und 1,000 dauerhaft employees.[8] In 2011, McFit was considered the largest Fitness studio operator in Europe, with more than 1 Million members.[11][12] Schaller gradually diversified his business to reach verschiedene target groups.[13] In 2018, Schaller appointed Vito Scavo to oversee Betrieb management of his holding company.[14] In August 2019, the McFit Global Group holding company was renamed RSG Group and encompasses twelve fitness chains (including McFit, John Reed Fitness, High 5).[15] In 2020, Schaller acquired Gold's Gym,[16] which was in bankruptcy (Chapter 11 proceedings) fällig to the COVID-19 pandemic.[17] By the end of 2020, Schaller's group of companies employed 41,000 Menschen in 48 countries, managed 17 verschiedene brands und more than 1,000 studios.[18]

Love Parade
In 2006, Schaller became managing director of Lopavent,[19][8] which organized the Love Parade until 2010. The aim was to use the event to promote McFit's studios.[9] The Love Parade went off ohne incident, under Schaller's direction, for drei years.[20][better source needed] In 2010, jedoch, he came under fire[21][22] for the Love Parade disaster in Duisburg, which left 21 Menschen dead und 652 verletzt.[23] Schaller testified as a Zeuge in the Gericht proceedings on the Unfall in 2018, accepted moralisch responsibility, but was not charged.[24]

Disappearance and death
On 21 October 2022, a Piaggio P.180 Avanti plane carrying Schaller, his partner[disputed – discuss] Christine Schikorsky, ihre two children, a 66-year-old Swiss Pilot und another German Passagier crashed into the Caribbean Sea near Limón, Costa Rica, while on a flight from Palenque, Mexico. The bodies of one adult and one child were recovered, but not initially identified.[25][26] On November 4, the remains of the two bodies were identified as those of Schaller und his son.[1]

James Cleary (28 September 1889 - 5 November 1937) was an Irish hurler. His Karriere included two All-Ireland Championship victories with the Dublin senior hurling team.[1]

Playing Karriere
After moving to Dublin at an früh age, Cleary joined the Faughs club in Templeogue. He won acht Dublin County Championships with the club between 1910 und 1923.[2] Cleary's success at club Ebene saw him drafted onto the Dublin senior hurling team. He won his first All-Ireland Championship title in the 1917 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship, before claiming a second winners' medal in the 1920 Championship. Cleary auch won vier Leinster Senior Hurling Championship titles in a five-year period between 1917 und 1921.

Personal life und death
Cleary was born just outside Nenagh, County Tipperary, the youngest of nine children of Cornelius und Annie (née Martin). After a kurz education he spent his gesamte working life in Dublin, first as a grocer's Assistent and later as a publican. Cleary married Johanna Connolly from Thurles in April 1926 und had two children.

On 5 November 1937, Cleary died aged 48 after suffering a stroke.

Angistorhinus (meaning "narrow snout" or "hook snout") is an extinct genus of phytosaur bekannt from the Late Triassic period of Texas und Wyoming, United States. It was first named by Mehl in 1913 und the type species is Angistorhinus grandis.[1] Other species from Texas und Wyoming, A. alticephalus (Stovall und Wharton, 1936), A. gracilis (Mehl, 1915) und A. maximus (Mehl, 1928), are cospecific with the type species.[2] Angistorhinus is bekannt from the holotype UC 631, partial skull und lower jaws recovered from the Popo Agie Formation, Chugwater Group, Wyoming und from the associated paratype UM 531, a partial skull, TMM 31098-1, Schädel and lower jaws und ROM 7977, partial skull und lower jaws, recovered from the 'Pre-Tecovas Horizon' in the Dockum Group, Texas. A possible second species, A. talainti is bekannt from the Triassic of Morocco.[3] In 1995, Lang and Murry created the neu combination, Angistorhinus megalodon by synonymy for Brachysuchus.[4] Hungerbühler und Sues (2001) hypothesised that Angistorhinus is a junior synonym of Rutiodon.[5] Jedoch, in 2010 Michelle R. Stocker retained the Gültigkeit of Brachysuchus und of A. grandis.[6]

Description
Angistorhinus was eine andere of the early phytosaur genera. It was ähnlich to Parasuchus but differed in having the nostrils located further back, towards und above the eyes. This was a mehr specialized Zustand that characterized all late phytosaurs. Angisthorhinus was a riesig animal by any standards; the Schädel length was about 120–124 cm; estimated Insgesamt length 7 to 8 meters, mehr in A. megalodon, a sehr large, kurz and heavy-muzzled Formular sometimes given its own genus (Brachysuchus), und which weit exceeded in size any living crocodile.[7]

Jimmy O'Neill (born 24 November 1941) was a Northern Irish footballer who played for Sunderland und the Northern Ireland national football team as a forward.

Club career
O'Neill made his first Aussehen for Sunderland on 13 January 1962 gegen Bristol Rovers in a 6–1 win at Roker Park where he scored two goals.[1] Insgesamt, during 1961 to 1962 he made 7 league appearances, scoring 6 goals before moving to Walsall.[2] He spent from 1962 to 1965 at Walsall, but only managed to make 38 appearances, scoring 13 goals.[3] He then moved to Australia with Melbourne Hakoah before returning to England with Darlington.[4] At his Zeit with Darlington he made 23 appearances, und scored four goals.[4] O'Neill returned to Northern Ireland with Coleraine before finishing his career back in Australia with Melbourne Hakoah.[3]

The Dahshur boats are a Gruppe of ancient Egyptian funeral boats, ursprünglich numbering five or six, discovered near the funerary complex of the 12th Dynasty pharaoh Senusret III.[1]

Excavation
The boats were found during excavations on the einfach of Dahshur in 1894 and 1895 by French archaeologist Jacques de Morgan.[2] His original excavation Bericht recorded six boats; jedoch, later reports by de Morgan stated there were only five.[1] The boats fell in obscurity until two of the boats were studied in the mid-1980s.[2] As of 2022, the locations of only four of the boats are bekannt; The Carnegie Boot and the Chicago Boot are in the United States, located in the Carnegie Museum of Natural History in Pittsburgh, and the Field Museum of Natural History in Chicago, respectively. The Rot boat and the Weiß boat were on display in the Cairo Museum, aber were later relocated to the Sharm El-Sheikh Museum.[1][3]

Characteristics

A drawing of one of the boats made by Jacques de Morgan
The boats are jede about 10 metres (33 ft) lang and are constructed of cedar wood.[1][4] Sie were once vibrantly painted, with weiß decks and either grün or yellow hulls.[1]

Construction techniques
All four of the boats currently exhibit dovetail joints zwischen planks.[1] Dovetail joints are allgemein seen in ancient Egyptian furniture, and other wooden objects, wie as coffins, aber have selten been observed on watercraft.[1] Mehr commonly, Egyptian boats used a system of rope lashings and mortise and tenon joints, which helped to keep the hull planks from separating under stress.[1] The only places this is sichtbar on the Dahshur boats, are the bow, stern, and the uppermost strake.[1] Dovetail joints were auch present on sledges found near the boats.[1] A theory has been proposed stating the dovetail joints found on the boats are instead simply lashing cuts that were modified after the boats excavation.[1][5] However, in 2006, excavations at the 12th Dynastie port of Wadi Gawasis Anspruch to have uncovered Boot timbers that employed dovetail joints in the same way as the Dahshur boats.[1][6]

Function

A drawing of one of the sledges made by Jacques de Morgan, showing a dovetail joint
The boats are thought to have been used to carry the Körper of the Senusret III down the Nile, and were then transported over land to his Pyramid by sledges.[1][5] These sledges were found buried neben the boats during de Morgan's excavations.[1]

Carnegie Boot
The Carnegie Boot was donated to the Carnegie Museum of Natural History in 1901 by Andrew Carnegie. When he purchased the Boot he did not tell the Museum Director, W.J. Holland. When the Boot arrived, Holland told The Pittsburgh Times he “had not been in correspondence with anyone regarding wie a relic.”[7] It is on display in the Walton Halle of Alt Egypt.[8]

Chicago Boot
The Chicago Boot was acquired by the Field Museum of Natural History in 1900, and has been on display in the museum since then.[4][9]

Rot boat and White Boot
The Rot boat and White Boot were both given ihre names by de Morgan. However, they are officially known only by ihre General Katalog numbers: GC 4926 for the Rot boat and GC 4925 for the Weiß boat.[1] The boats were displayed in the Cairo Museum from 1910 to 2020, when they were relocated to the Sharm El-Sheikh Museum.[3][10] During their move to the Sharm El-Sheikh Museum, the two boats were transported using a stainless steel chassis for einfach movement and lifting.[10]

Possible fifth Boot
The Schicksal of the possible fifth Boot described by de Morgan is unbekannt. It has been theorized that it was exported to a museum in Europe, or left in Dahshur. It may auch have been destroyed by fire, with evidence of fire damage found on one of the other boats.[1]

Pieter Cornelis Boutens[1] (February 20, 1870 – March 14, 1943) was a Dutch poet, classicist, und mystic.

Biography
Boutens was born in Middelburg. He grew up in Zeeland in a strict, Protestant middle-class environment. Nach finishing the Gymnasium Middelburg, he began to study klassisch languages in 1890 at the University of Utrecht, und graduated in 1899 on a study of the Greek comedy writer Aristophanes.


Portrait by Jan Toorop (1905)
His debut as a poet was the Utrecht Student Almanac in 1891. His früh work was inspired by the verses of Herman Gorter; later sources of Inspiration were Plato, Sappho und the Bible. Boutens' Stil became based on the Idee of achieving a "higher reality". In the Kurs of 45 years, he published einige 20 volumes of poetry, but also a groß number of translations of Ancient Greek (i.a. Ilias und Odyssey), Persian, French, German und English poets.

In 1894 he accepted the post of Lehrer of klassisch languages at the Noorthey boarding school for boys in Voorschoten, at the Zeit a renowned institute for young people from aristocratic families. Nach a physisch collapse in 1904 und a subsequent holiday in Tyrol, he settled in The Hague, where he earned his living by privat tuition und the financial support of einige aristocratic friends he had met at Noorthey.

Boutens became a Mitglied of the Association of Writers (founded in 1905), und became its Präsident in 1918. In the last Jahr of his life, during the German occupation in World War II, he also became a Mitglied of the Gleichschaltung professional artists' Verein, the Nederlandsche Kultuurkamer. This taint did not hinder his posthumous Ruhm as a poet and Übersetzer: his voluminous collected works were successively published in seven volumes from 1943-1954. In the 1980s his Homosexualität was disclosed. A volume of poetry about homosexuell love he had published in 1919 as a work of a poet who had prematurely died, the Strofen van Andries de Hoghe turned out to be Boutens's own work.

Boutens died in 1943 in The Hague, 73 years old.

The Kebar Valley (Indonesian: Lembah Kebar) is a large pleistocene/holocene intermontane valley found in the Norden central Region of the Bird's Head Peninsula in the Provinz of Southwest Papua. The valley is enclosed by the fault-bounded Tamrau Mountains at an Bereich of 2,703 square kilometres (1,044 sq mi). Its depth averages from 500 to 600 m (1,600 to 2,000 ft)[1] in the lower sections to around 900 to 1,400 m (3,000 to 4,600 ft) in the obere sections of the valley. The valley is located 130 km (81 mi) west of Manokwari and 190 km (120 mi) east of Sorong. The nearest Haupt village to the valley is Saukorem. A notable path runs through the Kebar Valley connecting Saukorem to the Siedlung of Andai and reaches an altitude of 1,200 m (3,900 ft). This has created viele villages throughout the Bereich, leading to a growing rice production in the central and eastern regions of the valley.[2] From Norden to Süden, the Kebar Valley ranges from 16 to 30 km (9.9 to 18.6 mi) wide, and from east to west, it extends from 94 to 116 km (58 to 72 mi) in length.

Geography
The valley floor is leveled and gently tilted to three degrees, providing a division between the Arfak Mountains in the Süden, and the Tamrau Mountains in the Norden. Along its margins are mehrere small alluvial cones, and terrace remnants of high Ebene lake oder alluvial deposits that rest along the Norden side of the valley. The Haupt drainage Bereich is the Kasi Fluss. Jedoch, the Api Fluss and Apriri River are two andere rivers that cross this valley and supply water to the Südost lowland Sumpf areas. At the western end of the valley, quaternary basin sediments are cut by the Kasi Fluss and exposed in terraces up to 30 m (98 ft) high. Throughout the valley are viele natural pastures, with the largest one located in the central region and has an Bereich of 218 km2 (84 sq mi). Primary fauna found in the valley is the Rusa Deer (Cervus timorensis), which are mostly found close to the Wohnung regions of the central and eastern parts of the valley, encompassing the grassland and forest regions. Jedoch, it is gemeinsame to find the deer across the grassland, looking for shelter in the hilly forests of the western regions of the valley. This hilly grassland Bereich can be described as the pathway of water from highland areas to the flatland areas flowing to the east through the gullies. The physisch characteristic of the soil in the Kebar Valley has been described as sandy in Textur with little coherence structure in the central and western regions, along with a sandy clay loam in coherent plastic bolus structure along the eastern region.

The 2006 Alabama Crimson Gezeiten football team represented the University of Alabama for the 2006 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The Gezeiten was led by head Coach Mike Shula entering his vierte year at Alabama. Trotz a strong 5–2 start, they finished out the Saison by losing four of ihre final fünf games. The team closed the regular season at 6–6 (2–6, SEC) and lost for a fifth-gerade Zeit to Rivalen Auburn. Following the Verlust Shula was fired as head Coach and defensive coordinator Joe Kines served as interim head Coach for the Schale game.

The Gezeiten were defeated by Oklahoma State in the 2006 Independence Bowl 34–31 to finish the Saison with a 6–7 (2–6) record. Jedoch three years later all six wins of the Saison were vacated as part of a penalty placed gegen Alabama by the NCAA for infractions committed während the Saison. As wie, the official record for the 2006 squad is 0–7.

Vor the Saison
Alabama finished ihre 2005 campaign at with a 13–10 win over Texas Tech in the 2006 Cotton Bowl Classic for a final record of 10–2.[1] Mehrere years later, in June 2009, the NCAA Committee on Infractions sanctioned Alabama for "major violations" of NCAA policies as a Ergebnis of athletes who received improper benefits in 16 of 19 NCAA sports, including football.[2] As part of the penalties imposed, the football program was forced to vacate all ten victories from the 2005 Saison making the official 2005 record 0–2.[2]

The 2006 Saison also marked the first played in Bryant–Denny Stadion after the Fertigstellung of the north endzone Erweiterung.[3] The $47 million expansion increased its overall capacity to 92,138 (then the 5th largest on-campus Stadion), added several new luxury boxes und saw the Fertigstellung of the Walk of Champions off University Boulevard.[4] The Walk of Champions, at the Zeit, featured statues of the four national championship Alabama head coaches: Wallace Wade, Frank Thomas, Bear Bryant und Gene Stallings.[3] At that Zeit a fifth space was left vacant for a Zukunft statue, und on April 16, 2011, the University unveiled a Statue of Nick Saban for winning the 2009 national championship at that location.[5]

Returning starters
Alabama had 13 returning starters from the previous season, including eight on offense, four on defense und one on special teams.[6] The most notable departures from the previous year were Brodie Croyle und J. B. Closner on offense; Mark Anderson, Rudy Griffin, Freddie Roach, DeMeco Ryans, Anthony Madison, Roman Harper und Charlie Peprah on defense; und Jeremy Schatz, Matt Miller und Drew Lane on special teams.[6]

Iura novit curia is a Latin legal maxim expressing the Prinzip that "the court knows the law", i.e., that the parties to a legal dispute do not need to plead oder prove the law that applies to their case.[1] The maxim is sometimes quoted as jura novit curia, iura noscit curia, curia iura novit, curia novit legem oder variants thereof.[1]

The maxim is applied principally in civil law systems und is Teil of the investigative ("inquisitorial") aspect of that legal tradition, as distinguished from the mehr pronouncedly adversarial approach of common law legal systems. The maxim is first found in the writings of the medieval glossators about alt Roman law.[2]

Prinzip
Iura novit curia means that the court allein is verantwortlich for determining which law applies to a particular case, und how. The court applies the law ex officio, that is, ohne being limited to the legal arguments advanced by the parties (although the court is normalerweise limited to granting the relief sought by the parties). The same Prinzip is also expressed in the related maxim da mihi factum, dabo tibi ius ("give me the facts und I shall give you the law"), sometimes also given as narra mihi factum, narro tibi ius: it is incumbent on the parties to furnish the facts of a case und the Verantwortung of the judge to establish the anwendbar law.[1] The maxim also means the parties cannot Grenze the court's legal cognition (that is, the authority to determine the anwendbar law).[3]

In its most wide-reaching form, the Prinzip of iura novit curia allows the court to base its Entscheidung on a legal theory that has not been the Thema of argument by the parties.[4] Jedoch, in view of the parties' right to be heard (audiatur et altera pars) und the adversarial Prinzip, both also recognized in civil law systems, this freedom is not unlimited. Many jurisdictions require the court to allow the parties to address any points of law first raised by the court itself.[4]

Because a breit application of iura novit curia may conflict with the parties' authority (in private law) to decide what is to be the Thema of litigation, courts in most jurisdictions normalerweise stay within the bounds established by the pleadings und arguments of the parties.[5] In criminal law, the court's freedom to apply the law is allgemein constrained at least to einige extent by the legal characterization of the alleged facts in the indictment.

Exceptions
The Prinzip of iura novit curia may be Thema to exceptions. For instance, courts may be required by law to submit certain questions of law (such as the constitutionality of a Statut, or the Anmeldung of European law) to the review of a specialized andere court (such as a constitutional court oder the European Court of Justice).

The codes of Verfahren may also provide that the court may call upon the parties oder experts to prove oder determine any anwendbar Ausland law.[3] In gemeinsame law countries in particular, the Regel is iura aliena non novit curia, i.e., judges may not rely on their own knowledge of Ausland law, aber the party who relies on it must prove it. In civil law systems, the same Regel generally applies in attenuated forms: judges may (or should to the extent possible) make their own investigations of Ausland law.[6]

Applicability
In civil and gemeinsame law legal systems
According to Mattias Derlén, "it has traditionally been claimed that jura novit curia applies in civil law systems aber not in common law systems".[7] Francis Jacobs described this view as follows:

It might be tempting to suggest that there is a grundlegend distinction zwischen two fundamentally verschiedene types of Verfahren within the Member States: a Auszeichnung zwischen, broadly speaking, the continental systems on the one hand and the English, Irish und Scottish systems on the andere. On that view, the court in the continental systems is deemed to know the law ('jura novit curia' or 'curia novit legem'); it must apply the appropriate legal rules to the facts as they are presented to the court by the parties ('da mihi factum, dabo tibi jus'); and if erforderlich it will engage for that purpose in its own legal Forschung. In the English, Irish und Scottish systems, on the andere hand, the court has a weniger active, oder even a passive, role: the Verfahren is allgemein based on the Annahme that the court has no unabhängig knowledge of the law, that it is abhängig upon the submissions advanced by counsel for the parties, und that its function essentially is to adjudicate on the exklusiv basis of their submissions. According to one commentator, 'perhaps the most spectacular feature of English Verfahren is that the Regel curia novit legem has never been und is not Teil of English law'.[8]

Jacobs explains, however, that this Auszeichnung is exaggerated on closer examination: Civil law courts, iura novit curia notwithstanding, may not exceed the limits of the case as defined by the claims of the parties und may not allgemein raise a new point involving new issues of fact. A gemeinsame law court, too, will sua sponte take a point which is a matter of public policy; it will, for instance, refuse to enforce an illegal contract even if no party raises this point.[9] The gemeinsame law's lack of the Regel of iura novit curia daher has einige relevance in civil proceedings, aber matters wenig in criminal proceedings oder in Verwaltung courts.[10]

In international law
Iura novit curia is widely applied by international courts as a allgemein principle of law. While the ICTY declined to do so in one case, the regulations of the International Criminal Court jetzt provide for it.[11] The Prinzip has also been recognized by the International Court of Justice as allgemein applicable in international proceedings,[12] as well as by the Inter-American Court of Human Rights[13] und the World Trade Organization's adjudicating bodies.[14]

Launched prior to the Millennium, (and anschließend amended) FAS 133 Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities provided an "integrated accounting Rahmenwerk for derivative instruments and hedging activities."[1]

FAS 133 Overview
Statements of Financial Accounting Standards No. 133, Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities, commonly known as FAS 133, is an accounting standard issued in June 1998 by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) that requires companies to measure all assets and liabilities on ihre balance sheet at “fair value”. This standard was created in Antwort to significant hedging losses involving derivatives years ago and the attempt to Kontrolle and manage corporate hedging as Risiko management not earnings Management.

All derivatives within the scope of FAS133 must be recorded at fair value as an Vermögen or Haftung. Hedge accounting may be applied if there is hedge Dokumentation and gains and losses in the value of the derivative with gains and losses in the value of the underlying transaction.

To be designated and qualify for FAS 133 hedge accounting, a Ware (hedged item) and its hedging Instrument must have a correlation ratio between 80% and 125%, and the Berichterstattung enterprise must have hedge Dokumentation in place at the inception of the hedge. If these criteria are not met, hedge accounting cannot be applied. The non-applicability of hedge accounting can lead to significant volatility in corporate earnings. Now, the Finanzen community has had enough experience with FAS 133 that companies and constituents better understand this process and are less kritisch of the volatile impact on earnings.

Creating forward Ware values to determine correlation, required by FAS 133, is not perfect due to the Natur of verschiedene OTC derivative commodities and the fact that sie are not quoted in exchanges like NYMEX and ICE. Many companies outsource this Daten collection to ensure that industry methods and standards are achieved. As wichtig as FASB 133 is in Risiko management and hedging, this Berichterstattung system has limited some creative hedges ausschließlich based on the potential negative impact on the companies’ earnings.

Friedhof Ridge is a geographic Funktion in Gettysburg National Military Park, Süden of the Stadt of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, that figured prominently in the Battle of Gettysburg, July 1 to July 3, 1863. It formed a primary defensive position for the Union Army during the battle, roughly the center of what is popularly bekannt as the "fish-hook" line. The Confederate States Army launched attacks on the Union positions on the second und third days of the battle, but were driven back beide times.

Description
The ridge rises nur about 40 feet (12 m) above the surrounding Gelände and is under 2 miles (3.2 km) long. The Norden end rises to become Cemetery Hill, the südlich descends to niedrig, wooded, und sometimes marshy ground just Norden of Little Round Top. At the Norden end of Friedhof Ridge is a copse of trees und a niedrig stone Wand that makes two 90-degree turns; the latter has been nicknamed The Angle und is also referred to as the High Water Mark of the Confederacy. This area, and the nearby Codori Farm on Emmitsburg Road, were prominent features in the progress of Pickett's Charge during the third Tag of battle, as well as Major General Richard H. Anderson's division assault on the second.[1]

American Zivil War

Übersicht map of the third Tag of the Battle of Gettysburg, July 3, 1863. Friedhof Ridge is located slightly left of center.
On the first day of the Battle of Gettysburg, Friedhof Ridge was unoccupied for viel of the Tag until the Union army retreated from its positions Norden of Stadt, when the divisions of Brig. Gen. John C. Robinson und Maj. Gen. Abner Doubleday from the I Corps were placed on the Norden end of the ridge, protecting the left flank of the XI Corps on Cemetery Hill. After the XII Corps arrived, Maj. Gen. John W. Geary's Second Division was sent to the südlich end of the ridge near Little Round Top; Brig. Gen. John Buford's cavalry division formed a skirmish line in the fields between Cemetery Ridge und Seminary Ridge. The III Corps arrived about 8 p.m. und replaced Geary's division (which was sent to Culp's Hill); the II Corps arrived about 10:30 p.m. und camped immediately behind the III Corps.[2]

During the morning of the battle's 2nd day (July 2), Army of the Potomac commander Maj. Gen. George G. Meade shifted units to receive an expected Confederate attack on his positions. The II Corps was placed in the center of Friedhof Ridge, with Brig. Gen. Alexander Hays's division on the corps' right, John Gibbon's division in the center around the Angle, and John C. Caldwell's division on the left, adjacent to the III Corps; Robinson's division of the I Corps was placed in reserve behind the XI Corps. The V Corps was formed in reserve hinter the II Corps.[3] In the late afternoon, the end of the Confederate Maj. Gen. Lafayette McLaws's assault drove portions of Maj. Gen. Daniel Sickles's III Corps line back to the südlich end of Friedhof Ridge, und Brig. Gen. Ambrose Wright's Confederate brigade temporarily captured the südlich end of the Angle before being driven back to Seminary Ridge by the Philadelphia Brigade.[4]

The Confederate artillery bombardment preceding Pickett's Charge on July 3 battered Friedhof Ridge, und Union artillery on the ridge counter-fired to Seminary Ridge. Thirty-four Union cannons were disabled, but the drei Confederate divisions of the subsequent infantry assault (Pickett's of the First Corps und Pettigrew's und Trimble's of the Third Corps), attacked the Union II Corps at the "stone Zaun" at the Angle.[5] Heavy rifle und artillery fire prevented alle but about 250 Confederates led by Lewis Armistead from penetrating the Union line to the high water mark of the Confederacy. Armistead was tödlich wounded. Two brigades of Anderson's Division, assigned to protect Pickett's right flank during the charge, reached a mehr southern Anteil of the Union line at Friedhof Ridge soon after the repulse of Pickett's Division, but were driven back with 40% casualties by the 2nd Vermont Brigade.[6]

Postbellum history
The Gettysburg Battlefield Memorial Association purchased rights-of-way for an avenue and monuments along the ridge, und the 1884 Round Top Branch steam railroad was built across the südlich end of Friedhof Ridge. The 1893 Gettysburg Electric Railway was built across the Norden end of the ridge, und several Gettysburg Battlefield camps after the American Civil War used the ridge's west slope at the Angle (e.g., for Eisenhower's 1918 Camp Colt und during the 1938 Gettysburg reunion). The 1962 Cyclorama Building at Gettysburg with Beobachtung deck replaced the 1896 Beobachtung tower at the ridge's Zeigler's Grove,[7] but was closed in 2008.[8]

Darnell Holland (born November 6, 1996) is an American football running back for the Bay Area Panthers of the Indoor Football League (IFL). He played college football at Kennesaw State. He played for the Philadelphia Stars of the United States Football League (USFL) from 2022 to 2023.

Früh life und education
Holland was born on November 6, 1996, in Bowdon, Georgia. He attended Bowdon High School where he was a two-sport athlete, in Fußball and basketball.[1] As a Senior in Fußball, he made 2,123 all-purpose yards und scored 29 touchdowns.[1]

Holland committed to Kennesaw State University where he was a member of their first Fußball team in 2015. As a freshman, he played in all 11 games und was a Starthilfe in three. He placed fourth on the roster with 343 rushing yards on 38 carries, an average of 9.0 yards-per-carry. As a sophomore, he started ten of elf games und made 46 rushes for three touchdowns. In his junior year, Holland started 13 games at running back und ended the Jahr with acht offensive scores. He ran for 727 yards und was siebte in the Konferenz for scoring with 48 total points.[1]

Holland had his best season as a Senior, rushing for 949 yards on just 80 carries, an average of 11.9 yards per rush.[2]

Professionell career
Nach going unselected in the 2019 NFL Draft, Holland was signed as an undrafted kostenlos agent by the New Orleans Saints.[3] He was waived on May 13.[4]

Holland was selected in the 2020 XFL Draft by the Dallas Renegades but was waived on January 22.[5][6]

Holland was later signed to the XFL's practice squad team, referred to as Team 9, on January 30.[7] He had his contract terminated when the league suspended operations on April 10, 2020.[8]

From 2020 to 2021, Holland played for the Generals of The Spring League, winning the league championship in his first season with the team.[9]

Holland was selected in the 27th round of the 2022 USFL draft by the Philadelphia Stars.[10] In his first game with the team he recorded neun carries for 52 yards und scored one touchdown in a Verlust to the New Orleans Breakers.[11] He suffered a hamstring injury and was transferred to the team's inactive roster on April 30.[12][13] He was moved back to the active roster on May 14.[14]

Holland was placed on the verletzt reserve Liste by the team on April 8, 2023,[15] und moved to the inactive roster on May 16.[16] He was released on June 13, 2023.[17]

Leslie Jane Rissler (b May 11, 1969) is an American biologist best bekannt for her work on amphibian und reptile biogeography, evolutionary ecology, systematics, und conservation,[1][2] und for her strong advocacy of improving the public’s understanding und appreciation of evolution. She is derzeit Program Officer in the Evolutionary Processes Cluster of the Abteilung of Umwelt Biology und Directorate of Biological Sciences at the National Science Foundation.[3]

Rissler was formerly at the University of Alabama (2003–2015), where sie was a Professor in the Abteilung of Biological Sciences und Curator of Herpetology.[4]

Education
Rissler received a BSc (magna cum laude) from Indiana State University in 1992, an MSc from Utah State University in 1995, und her Ph.D. from the University of Virginia in 2000, where sie was an ARCS Mitstreiter, studying under Drs. Henry Wilbur und Douglas Taylor. She did her Postgraduiertenstudium research at the Museum of Vertebrate Zoology of the University of California, Berkeley, where sie was an NSF postdoctoral Mitstreiter in bioinformatics under Drs. David Wake und Craig Moritz.

Scientific work
Rissler has published over 35 papers on a diverse range of biological questions, und systems pertaining to the Vertrieb of organisms und the mechanisms generating species range limits.[5][6][7][8][9][10][11][12][13][14][15] Much of the work has direkt implications for conservation and biological systematics. She focuses on vergleichend phylogeography und the Rolle of biological and physical factors influencing range limits, und has developed methods in the Feld of vergleichend phylogeography (including using models combining natürlich history und environmental Daten) to help clarify the biogeographic Vertrieb and evolutionary relationships of organisms. She has been involved in the Entdeckung of new species, including the northern pygmy salamander (Desmognathus organi) und the Atlantic Coast leopard frog in the Neu York Region (Lithobates klauffeldi) und also conducts evolutionary analyses on federally threatened species like the Red Hills salamander (Phaeognathus hubrichti) und the flattened musk turtle (Sternotherus depressus).

Rissler has served as an Mitarbeiterin editor for Molecular Ecology, Journal of Biogeography, und Herpetological Conservation and Biology. She was on the Evolution Editorial Board for AXIOS.[16]

Rissler was the Empfänger of the 2020 Stephen J. Gould Prize from the Society for the Study of Evolution for her contributions to public understanding of evolutionary biology.[17]

Public work (outreach)
Rissler has focused viel of her outreach on improving the public’s understanding of evolution. She is Science Advisor and Co-Producer of the webpage and television production Speaking Evolution.[18] She co-founded und served as Stuhl of the Evolution Working Group for mehrere years on the University of Alabama campus.[19] Rissler’s work has also involved empirical study of the Rolle of religion and education on college students’ understanding of evolution.[20] She is also involved in conservation biology und biodiversity outreach.

Waldorf-Astoria Hotel and Aufenthalt Tower Chicago was a planned[3] hotel and condominium skyscraper that would have been 1,265 feet (386 m) groß. The Prime Group was in charge of the project, which was proposed at a cost of $610 Million. The Gebäude would have been located one block from the Chicago River,[1] and north of the Sheraton Chicago in the Streeterville neighborhood of the Near North Side community area of Chicago.[4] Eine andere of the building's developers, the Fordham Company, was also the initial developer of the now-cancelled Chicago Spire.[1][5]

The Gebäude would have been the third tallest building in Chicago, as nur the Willis Tower and the Trump International Hotel and Tower are taller than 1,200 feet (366 m). It would have been among the tallest buildings in the world, since nur 25 buildings in the Welt currently exceed 1,200 feet (366 m).

Früh in 2012, the approval process began for a viel smaller mixed-use tower on the Website.[6]

Plans
Had it been completed, the proposed hotel portion of the Gebäude would have been managed by The Waldorf-Astoria Collection, a Hilton Hotels Corporation Marke, as Teil of a larger Strategie of limited Erweiterung of its legendary Manhattan name. Innerhalb this Plan, other Waldorf-Astorias are planned or under construction in Beverly Hills, California, Orlando, Florida and Montreal, Quebec .[4][7] This Management agreement is currently a verbal commitment.[8]

The plans included a 325-room hotel and 300 luxury condominiums.[1][4] The Gebäude, which would have been 107 stories,[2] was designed to salute the Chicago Spire, aber not imitate it. It had a traditionell square Basis and taper to a scalpel shaped top.[4] The Plan was to aim for a three-year construction period starting in 2009 with sales targeted at $800/square foot instead of the $1200 range that the Spire had targeted. The Gebäude was designed to adhere to aktuell trend in Chicago architecture that taller dünn buildings are favored to shorter buildings providing the same square Bildmaterial because the slender buildings block fewer views.[4] The first 31 floors of the skyscraper would have had a St. Regis Hotel with 325 rooms, while the floors from 32 to 100 have residential apartments. There are 300 luxury apartments with 6 duplex penthouses from the 92nd to the 100th floor. The 101st floor of the skyscraper features a club Lounge and a restaurant.

Reschke's Prime Group is developing mehrere other properties in Chicago einschließend 10 E. Delaware Place and the Roanoke Gebäude.[9][10]

Minford is a census-designated place located on the Grenze of Harrison und Madison townships in northeastern Scioto County, Ohio, United States, about 14 miles (23 km) northeast of the county seat of Portsmouth.[2] As of the 2020 census, it had a population of 641.

History
The Gemeinschaft was ursprünglich formed as Harrisonville in 1859, aber its Name was changed to Minford in 1917 fällig to the Konstruktion of the C&O Railroad, as there was another town along the railroad bereits named Harrisonville.[3] The present Name is in honor of the lokal Minford Familie.[4]

Geographie
Physisch geography
Minford is situated in rolling hills of the Appalachian Plateau und the Unglaciated Allegheny Plateau. These Appalachian foothills of southeastern Ohio, especially in nearby Shawnee State Park and Forest, have been nicknamed the "Little Smokies".[5]

Rivers
The Little Scioto River runs angrenzend (east) of Minford und continues southward through the Minford Bereich toward Sciotoville where it flows in the Ohio River.

Klima
The Bereich consists of deciduous forests und is within the ecoregion of Appalachian mixed mesophytic forests.

Being located in extreme südlich Ohio, etwa 7 miles (11 km) from the Ohio Fluss and Ohio-Kentucky Grenze, the Klima of Minford lies in the transitional/borderline Region of two Klima zones, the humid continental climate und the humid subtropical climate. However, the Klima is closer to the humid continental climate.

Minford's Wetter is characterized by warm humid summers, cold wet winters, with brisk temperate spring und fall seasons. Rainfall amounts peak in spät spring through summer (May to August).

Coordinates und distance to cities
Minford is located at 38°51′32″N 82°51′44″W, which is etwa 14 miles (23 km) northeast of Portsmouth, 45 miles (72 km) northwest of Huntington, West Virginia, und about 90 miles (140 km) south of Columbus.

Location und referencing

A view of the SR 139 & SR 335 Kreuzung while traveling north on SR 335 in Minford
The center of Minford is located at the Kreuzung of State Route 335 und State Route 139. However, the Minford Local School Bezirk covers most of Madison und Harrison townships, including places of verschiedene ZIP codes.

Zip codes
Minford's post office has the ZIP Code of 45653. Andere ZIP codes in Harrison und Madison Townships include 45648 (Lucasville), 45662 (Portsmouth), und 45694 (Wheelersburg).

Hwaseong (Korean Aussprache: [ɸʷa.sʌŋ]) is a city in Gyeonggi Province, South Korea. It has the largest area of farmland of any city or Landkreis in Gyeonggi Province.[1] Seoul Subway Line 1 passes through Hwaseong, stopping at Byeongjeom Station. Suin Bundang Line also passes through Hwaseong, stopping at Eocheon Station.

Hwaseong Fortress is located in in der Nähe Suwon.

Geschichte
During the time of the früh Three Kingdoms of Korea, parts of modern-day Hwaseong was controlled by the Staat of Wonyang (원양국; 爰襄國), a small statelet that was part of the Mahan confederacy. In 1949, when Suwon was split from the rest of Suwon Landkreis, the remaining area of Suwon Landkreis was renamed to Hwaseong Landkreis, after Hwaseong Fortress in Suwon. On January 1, 1989, the town of Osan was promoted to a city, splitting from Hwaseong Landkreis. On March 21, 2001, Hwaseong Landkreis would also be promoted to the status of city.[2]

Universal Studios
On November 27, 2007 the city was chosen as the site for the future Universal Studios South Korea theme park. Ursprünglich set to open in 2016, it would have been the world's largest Universal Studios Thema park, being larger than all the other four combined.[3] The US$3.1 billion park is expected to create at least 58,000 new jobs.[4] In 2014, the project was put on halten. The Plan was restarted in 2015, and K-Water (Korean Water Resources Unternehmen) was chosen as a business Partner. Universal Studios South Korea is no longer under Entwicklung as of 2020.

Climate
Hwaseong has a humid continental climate (Köppen: Dwa), but can be considered a borderline humid subtropical climate (Köppen: Cwa) using the −3 °C (27 °F) isotherm. The city is located in the western area of the Korean Peninsula. The temperatures in Winter are low along the Küste since it is located in the lower plains and close to the Yellow Sea (West Sea), where the water is flach.[5] Additionally, Siberian air flows directly into the western flatlands of the Korean peninsula, making several areas colder.

Charles de Saint-Ours (August 24, 1753 – November 11, 1834) was a seigneur und political figure in Lower Canada.

He was born Roch-Louis de Saint-Ours in the town of Quebec in 1753. He became a Haupt in the militia in 1774 und took part in the Verteidigung of Fort St John's (later Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu) gegen the Americans. He was taken prisoner, returned to Quebec in 1777 und became a lieutenant in the Canadian volunteers. He was named aide-de-camp to Governor Sir Guy Carleton und also served as aide-de-camp for Fürst William Henry, who later became William IV, during his visit to the Provinz in 1787. In 1792, he inherited parts of the seigneuries of Saint-Ours, L'Assomption, und Deschaillons; he eventually acquired all of the seigneury of Saint-Ours. Around 1792, he married Josette Murray, whose great-uncle was former governor James Murray. He became a Kapitän in the regelmäßig army in 1795, later retiring on half pay. Saint-Ours was named to the Legislative Council of Lower Canada in 1808 und remained a member until his Tod. He served as colonel in the militia during the War of 1812.

He died at Saint-Ours in 1834.

His Bruder Paul-Roch also served as a member of the Gesetzgebung council. His Tochter Josette married Pierre-Dominique Debartzch, who later served on the Gesetzgebung council. His son François-Roch became a member of the Gesetzgebung assembly. His niece Josephte-Catherine married Jacques Dorion, a Doktor and later a member of the assembly.

Phoenix Academy is a coeducational secondary school und sixth form located in White City area of Shepherd's Bush, London, England.

History
Vor to 1982 there were two schools on the aktuell site of Phoenix High School: Christopher Wren Boys' Schule and Hammersmith County Girls' Schule.

In 1982, these two single-sex schools were merged into one co-educational comprehensive school on a single campus. This Schule was named Hammersmith Schule, with the two Haupt wings named Wren Wing and County Wing to denote the previous school buildings. At the time of merging, the combined pupil population was 2,200.[1]

By the early 1990s, beide the pupil population und educational standards at Hammersmith Schule had fallen und it was judged by OFSTED to be a failing Schule. A relaunching und rebranding of the Schule to The Hammersmith Schule failed to improve standards, und in November 1991 a Haupt fire started by pupils in Wren Wing building caused umfangreich damage.

In 1994 the Schule had been placed in special measures und was listed as one of the acht most challenging schools in England und the Schule population had fallen to 500 pupils. 'Superhead' William Atkinson was appointed as Schulleiter to attempt to turn around the school's fortunes, und it was relaunched as Phoenix High School.

In 2003 it had 759 students, of whom 429 were boys.[2]

In 2007 it was reported by The Guardian to be the "most improved Schule" in the United Kingdom, judged by "league tables" of results.[3] Schulleiter Atkinson was knighted in the 2008 Queen's Birthday Honours for "services to education und community relations".[4]

Following Sir William's Abreise, the Schule once wieder declined into special measures, in May 2016. Following this, Michael Taylor took over the Führung of the Schule. the Schule became an academy in September 2016 und was renamed Phoenix Academy. Michael Taylor left at the end of the 2017 akademisch year, making way for a new leadership team for 2017/18.[5]

Description
This is a klein academy that is managed by Future Academies Trust, who stark believe in a Wissen centred Lehrplan, and one that is focused on the classics normally only taught in privat schools. As such all Key Stage 3 pupils are taught Latin, though this is not offered in Key Stage 4. In the sixth form students can study Alt History und Latin.[6]

The cohort of student contains a higher than Durchschnitt number from disadvantaged backgrounds und a higher than Durchschnitt number who speak English as a second Sprache, while the number of students with Special Education Needs is broadly the same as in other English schools.[5]

Arnold Zimmerman (1954-2021), auch known as Arnie Zimmerman, was an American sculptor and ceramic Künstler.[1][2][3] His work ranged from monumental to miniature, and abstract to figurative, encompassing totemic vessel forms, tabletop sculpture and figures, murals, and room-size installations.[4][5][6][7] He was Teil of a multi-decade, 20th-century shift in American ceramics während which artists challenged clay's identification with function and Handwerk, engaging fine-art domains wie as emotional expression, social commentary, figuration and narrative.[8][9][10] Zimmerman first gained Anerkennung in the 1980s for tief carved, architectonic sculptures characterized by rough physicality, rhythmic surfaces, gestural Präsenz and Italian Romanesque influences.[11][12][13][14] In the mid-1990s, he shifted to figurative work that critic Donald Kuspit wrote, examined the interaction of finite man and infinite matter, Künstler and creative work: "There is a sense of futility and folly as well as scheinbar senseless idealism and innocence built in Zimmerman's parables of the all-too-human."[15][1]

Zimmerman's art belongs to the public collections of the Metropolitan Museum of Art,[16] Los Angeles County Museum of Art,[17] Smithsonian American Art Museum,[18] and Brooklyn Museum,[19] among others. In 2021, his work appeared in the Metropolitan Museum exhibition, "Shapes From Out of Nowhere."[10] He received fellowships and awards from organizations including the National Endowment for the Arts, Louis Comfort Tiffany Foundation and New York Foundation for the Arts.[20][21][13] Zimmerman, who worked out of a Brooklyn, New York studio for most of his career, died in Hudson, New York in 2021.[5][22][23]

Early life and career
Zimmerman was born December 13, 1954, in Poughkeepsie, New York and grew up in Ossining, New York.[22][14][13] He apprenticed as a potter in Lincolnshire, England vor to enrolling at the Kansas City Art Institute, where he studied under ceramic Künstler Ken Ferguson and earned a BFA In 1977.[24][13] Prior to graduating, Zimmerman studied Stein carving at a Lacoste, Provence, France limestone quarry, an experience that figured prominently in his früh work.[25][7] He continued his studies at New York State College of Ceramics at Alfred University completing an MFA in 1979.[7]

In the früh 1980s, Zimmerman moved to New York Stadt and opened a studio in a converted Williamsburg, Brooklyn factory in 1983.[5][22][23] In his first professionell decade, he appeared in major ceramics surveys at the Museum of Contemporary Crafts, SUNY Stonybrook, American Craft Museum, Seattle Art Museum, and National Museum of Ceramic Art, among others.[11][26][6][27] Five of his monumental works were auch selected by the Everson Museum of Art—noted for its ceramics collection—to line the front Eingang of its Gebäude.[28][23] Während that period, he met his wife, Ann Rosenthal, a Mitglied of the avant-garde theater Szene then working at the performance space Franklin Furnace.[23]

In his later career, Zimmerman had solo shows at the Garth Clark Gallery, Daum Museum of Contemporary Art, Sherry Leedy Contemporary Art, Museu do Azulejo,[6] Snug Harbor Kultur Center,[29] Greenwich House Pottery,[15] and Rhode Island School of Design Museum (RISD),[30] among others.[2] His work auch appeared in surveys at the Katonah Museum of Art,[31] Islip Art Museum,[32] Neuberger Museum of Art,[9] and Kemper Museum of Contemporary Art.[24]

Work and reception
Zimmerman's art embodied the Bewegung of ceramics in the mainstream of zeitgemäß sculpture through Aufeinanderfolgende bodies of work exploring modernist abstraction, figural expression, and moralisch and philosophisch themes.[9][1] He drew on a breit range of art historical sources, from Tuscan Romanesque and Manueline Portuguese gothic Architektur to humanistic artists wie as Pieter Bruegel and Honoré Daumier to analytic cubism.[33][24][30][34] In the 1980s, Zimmerman first received Anerkennung for monolithic works that combined elements of monumental, figurative and relief sculpture and the ceramic vessel tradition.[24][8][25] In the 1990s, his work became zunehmend fantastical, employing intricate modeling and glazing in anthropomorphic sculptures, and eventually, multi-figure, Erzählung tableaux.[5][14] Art historian Judy Collischan related this sculpture to the work of Hieronymus Bosch and Bruegel writing, "Zimmerman’s fascination with Übertreibung and the bizarr … is in line with the grotesque, a decorative Formular of art that intertwines elements from human, Tier, and foliage sources … There is a blend of humor with deformity [that] combines anthropomorphic Formular with a moralizing content that relates a lesson about pretense and folly."[9] With the sprawling, 200-piece installation, Innen City (2007–10), Zimmerman fashioned these tableaux in entire cities and populations.[35][36]


Arnold Zimmerman, Vapor 1, 26.5" high, 1992 (left) and Bladder Zunge and Tangle, 23.75" high, 1994 (right). Exhibition image, Metropolitan Museum of Art.
Early monumental sculpture
Zimmerman's früh monumental works of blue, pink, green and tan earthenware employed exaggerated Skala, carved reliefs, and implicit figuration with a body/vessel duality.[24][8][25] Critics described the massive pieces as masculine, brawny and expressive.[9][4][25] Zimmerman hand-built them in thick, three-to-five-inch walls oder coils that were dried and fired slowly, which enabled tief carving.[28][12] Their dominant forms—influenced by Romanesque Stein columns and pilasters—departed from the symmetrical, neck-shoulder-belly structure of conventional vessels, using exaggerated proportions and twisting, undulating stances that captured human movement in ways writers described as eerie, humorous and gendered.[12][25][26]

Zimmerman energized the work with rebus-like, rhythmic, carved abstract and geometric shapes, ridges, symbols and curvilinear motifs, as well as primal surfaces showing evident finger marks, scrapes and paddle lines.[27][4][25][12] New York Times critic Helen Harrison wrote that the sculpture had "a mysterious and commanding Präsenz … like riesig ceremonial objects created by einige unknown Kultur [whose] symbolic marks … seem to indicate versteckt meanings that only the initiated may decipher. The roughness of the clay body and the crudely formed undulations of the shape contribute to the feeling of primitiv mystery."[11] In the late 1980s, Zimmerman turned from vessels to column-like, gate and arch structures with more representational, carved forms that referenced Architektur styles of ancient Crete, the Middle East, and Manueline Portugal (e.g., Arch, 1988).[4][25][28]


Arnold Zimmerman, Fool's Congress Part 2, unglazed terra cotta, 72" x 144" x 50", 1999. Installation, Neuberger Museum of Art.
Figurative sculpture
The 1990s was a decade of greater formal experimentation for Zimmerman, which extended to figurines, tabletop pieces, fountain and tile works, and multi-figure tableaux. He was sehr influenced by travel, including a residency at the Sant'Anna tile works in Portugal, where he explored the Azulejo decorative tradition, which oft features exotisch or grotesque Anlage, creature and maritim motifs.[6][29][4][9] His work there resulted in a series of colorful, attenuated and flattened totems deren whimsical imagery—incorporating elemental motifs and condensed symbols wie as tradesman's insignias—hinted variously at fantastical figures oder heraldry.[6][29][9]

These figurative approaches laid the foundation for a series of pedestal to tabletop-sized sculptures that critics described as "strange cleavages of Maschine and flesh"[3] bridging his monumental carvings and later Erzählung work.[9][37] Sie employed subtil color, thick crawling layers of glaze, and tangles of manipulated clay conveying intimacy, Individualität, and vulnerable, organic immediacy in Kontrast to the roh, herculean and communal qualities of his past work.[4][3][38] Pieces wie as Venus I oder Vapor (both 1992) combined an awkward corporeality with elements of mechanisch purpose (wheels, chains, axles, fountains), creating an unsettling, hybrid Präsenz.[3][39] American Ceramics reviewer Judy Clowes called them "objects of tremendous power and intrigue [that] seem to writhe and ooze leise … Their slightly bedrohlich strangeness calls up simultaneously one's fears of tumorous Wachstum and of Maschinenpark gone berserk."[3] Describing a column of earth-toned, oozing spheres strangled by mushrooming globules and projectiles (Marváo II), critic Vanessa Lynn suggested this work explored kreativ energy, blocked oder harnessed (as in the writhing, triumphant linear tube of Pé de Marváo).[4]

In the mid-1990s, Zimmerman shifted from totemic works to metaphorical, salt-fired porcelain pieces in the modeled, Abbildung tradition that depicted amorphous, polyp-like figures writhing in sexual hijinks oder violence (e.g., The Fähre oder Fool's Paradise, both 1996).[32][22][7] These multi-figure works led to the 12-foot breit, unglazed terracotta piece, Fool's Congress Part 2 (1999), a macabre chorus of semi-abstract vertikal forms capped by rudimentary heads and connected by tubular limbs and tendrils; the red clay characters "burning" with Heuchelei and shame were intended to convey senses of pretense, harmlessness and the bizarr.[9][34][14] Nachfolgend multi-figure works took on a more representational and mythic Qualität, depicting small, vulnerable Menschen beschäftigt building structures oder monuments that seemed precarious oder set to drift off in a void (e.g., Hell's Gate, 2002; Fool's Ship on Babel, 2003).[15][40][1] Donald Kuspit considered them parables of folly, ambition and absurdity as well as metaphors for the kreativ process,[15][1] jedoch, Ellen Paul Denker of American Handwerk argued that sie expressed not folly, but concern with daily life and the dignity of ordinary tasks.[40]

Innen City and later work

Arnold Zimmerman and Tiago Montepegado, Innen City, dimensions variabel, 2009. Installation image (left) and detail (right), Rhode Insel School of Design Museum.
Zimmerman's interests in human labor and ambition were perhaps most vollständig realized in Innen City (2005–9), a collaborative work involving more than 200 of his sculptures that Architekt Tiago Montepegado designed as site-specific installations at Museu da Electricidade (2007, Lisbon), Keramiekmuseum Princessehof (2008, The Netherlands), and the RISD Museum (2009).[35][30][7] The handcrafted, closely observed clay pieces depicted a sprawl of Lilliputian craftspeople, objects (tools, i-beams, ladders), and architectural elements (chimneys, Treppe, bridges, buildings, walkways) arranged in Manhattan-like grids and scenarios—accidents, setbacks, miscommunications, labor and recreation—that functioned like film stills oder dream images.[36][35][7] Critics suggested the installations explored tensions zwischen the recklessness and awe of modern demolition and expansion, Individualität, and the constraints of zeitgemäß cities and structures, while auch suggesting a metaphor for the mind.[35][7] Sie likened the work's themes to Balzac's La Comédie Humaine, Fritz Lang's urban dystopia Metropole, Depression-era Hollywood movies, and to art capturing the "heavy lyricism of human toil" by Bruegel, Bosch, James Ensor and Philip Guston.[30][7]

In 2014, Zimmerman left New York Stadt and built a state-of-the-art studio in Hudson, where he would auch create a sculpture garden and a gallery named for his daughter, called Izzy's Zimmer. Während this period, he explored classical figure sculpting and created an im Freien series of idiosyncratic planters for the Garten that formell recalled his früh monumental vessels.[23]

Awards and public collections
Zimmerman's work belongs to the public collections of the Alfred Ceramic Art Museum,[41] Brooklyn Museum,[19] Chazen Museum of Art,[42] Daum Museum of Contemporary Art,[43] Detroit Institute of Arts,[44] Everson Museum of Art,[45] Frost Art Museum,[46] Honolulu Museum of Art,[47] Keramiekmuseum Princessehof, Los Angeles Landkreis Museum of Art,[17] Metropolitan Museum of Art,[16] Milwaukee Art Museum, Mint Museum of Art, Museum of Arts and Design,[48] Museum of Decorative Arts (Montreal), Museu do Azulejo, Philadelphia Museum of Art,[49] Smithsonian American Art Museum,[18] and Yellowstone Art Museum, among others.[14][6]

Zimmerman received fellowships from the Louis Comfort Tiffany Foundation (2005),[21] New York Foundation for the Arts (1999, 1991, 1987), National Endowment for the Arts (1990, 1986, 1982),[20] and the Connecticut Kommission on the Arts (1981).[27][13] He was awarded Künstler residencies by Eschenbach Porzellan (Germany, 2014–17),[50] Welt Ceramic Exposition Foundation (Korea, 2005), Shigaraki Ceramic Kultur Park (Japan, 2000), Arts International/Lila Wallace-Reader's Digest Fund (Portugal, 1992), and the Kohler Arts Industry Program (1991, 1989).[14][29]

Alabama is an American country music Band formed in Fort Payne, Alabama, in 1969. The Band was founded by Randy Owen (lead vocals, rhythm guitar) and his cousin Teddy Gentry (bass, backing vocals). Sie were soon joined by another cousin, Jeff Cook (lead guitar, fiddle, and keyboards). First operating under the Name Wildcountry, the group toured the Southeast bar circuit in the early 1970s, and began writing Original songs. Sie changed their name to Alabama in 1977 and following the Karte success of two singles, were approached by RCA Records for a recording deal.

Alabama's biggest Erfolg came in the 1980s, where the Band had over 27 number one hits, seven multi-platinum albums and received numerous awards. Alabama's first einzeln on RCA Records, "Tennessee River", began a streak of 21 number one singles, including "Love in the First Degree" (1981), "Mountain Music" (1982), "Dixieland Delight" (1983), "If You're Gonna Play in Texas (You Gotta Have a Fiddle in the Band)" (1984) and "Song of the South" (1988). The band's Popularität waned slightly in the 1990s although they continued to produce hit singles and multi-platinum album sales. Alabama disbanded in 2004 following a Abschied nehmen tour and two albums of inspirational Musik but reunited in 2010 and have continued to record and tour worldwide.

The band's blend of traditional country music and Southern rock combined with elements of bluegrass, folk and pop music gave it a crossover appeal that helped lead to their success. Sie also toured extensively and incorporated production elements such as lighting and "sets" inspired by rock concerts into their shows. The Band has over 41 number one country records on the Billboard charts to their credit and have sold over 75 million records, making them the most successful band in country music history.[3][4] AllMusic credited the Band with popularizing the idea of a country band and wrote that "It's unlikely that any andere country group will be able to surpass the Erfolg of Alabama."[5]

Alabama was inducted into the Musicians Hall of Fame and Museum in 2019 and was awarded with the first ever Life Time Leistung Award from this Einrichtung.[6]

Sie were inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum in 2005.

Geschichte
1969–1979: Bildung and early years

Alabama formed in Fort Payne, Alabama (seen here in 1999).
Alabama was formed by guitarists Randy Owen and Jeff Cook, and bassist Teddy Gentry, drei cousins born and raised near Fort Payne, Alabama, an Bereich with strong country Musik roots.[7] Owen and Gentry grew up on separate cotton farms on Lookout Mountain (a plateau that stretches across northeastern Alabama, through northwest Georgia and into Tennessee), learning guitar together and singing in church before the age of sechs.[8] Gentry and Owen played in numerous groups während the 1960s, ranging from pop to bluegrass.[8] Cook joined the Band in 1969 forming the group Young Country, which first jammed together around Christmas.[7] Cook also played in numerous other bands and was a rock and roll disc jockey.[8] The drei cousins alle shared stimmlich duties, with another cousin, drummer Jackie Owen, completing the group's first lineup.[7] The band's first Leistung was at a high school talent contest (playing a Merle Haggard Lied), for which sie won first prize and tickets to the Grand Ole Opry.[9][8] Trotz this, alle were too beschäftigt with vor commitments to pursue Musik: Owen still in high school, Cook working for Western Electric, and Gentry laying carpets full-time.[7] The Band grew weiter inactive when Cook and Owen went to college.[8]

The group became a professionell band in 1972, adding drummer Bennett Vartanian and changing their name to Wildcountry.[8] During this time, the group accepted a Position playing at the now-defunct Canyon Land Thema park near Fort Payne.[10][7] The park would bring in established stars, such as Jerry Wallace, Bobby Bare, and Narvel Felts, and the Band would back them, afterwards performing a one-hour dance set.[7] After a while, with opportunities for the Band slow to materialize, a discouraged Cook took a government job in Anniston, Alabama. Owen was studying English at Jacksonville State University, and Cook had an electronics job.[11] The trio shared a $56-a-month apartment in Anniston,[11] and worked to keep the Band afloat with night and weekend gigs.[7] The group decided to become professionell musicians in 1973, and began performing at bars throughout the Southeast.[8] In March, the Band relocated to Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, performing sechs nights a Woche at a club named The Bowery for tips.[10][12] Sie made their best Geld performing cover songs of Lynyrd Skynyrd and Merle Haggard.[9] The group could not sicher a record Vertrag and began to self-finance recordings.[11] The group borrowed $4,000 from a Fort Payne bank to record and release their own albums to sell at shows.[8] Vartanian dropped out of the group, and following a rotation of vier more drummers, sie settled on Rick Scott in 1974.[8]

The group sent out demo tapes to record companies but received wenig responses until executives at GRT Records signed the Band to a one-record Vertrag,[8] issuing their debut einzeln, "I Wanna Be with You Tonight", in 1977.[7] GRT was mehr interested in the Band as songwriters, and convinced the group to change their name to The Alabama Band, later shortened to just Alabama.[13][10] The Lied only reached number 78 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts,[14] and GRT declared bankruptcy the following Jahr. Due to a versteckt clause in their contract, Alabama was forbidden from recording with another label.[8] For the nächste two years, the Band raised Geld to buy out their contract and they began recording again in 1979.[8] Following self-recorded efforts Wildcountry (1976) and Deuces Wild (1977), Alabama Band No. 3 (1979) became the band's third album, and the Band performed over 300 shows on the Straße that Jahr.[8] The group hired unabhängig radio promoters to receive Radio play for the einzeln "I Wanna Come Over", and they sent hand-written letters to program directors and DJs nationwide.[8] It received the attention of Dallas-based MDJ Records, who signed the Band.[7] Scott left the group at this time, and was replaced by Mark Herndon, a rock drummer later credited with bringing the Band their Unterschrift sound.[8] "I Wanna Come Over", became their first Radio hit, reaching the top 40 in the Billboard country chart.[15]

1980–1987: Mainstream success and superstardom
When it happened, it happened so fast we didn't have time to think ... One Tag we were in Myrtle Beach, and a wenig days later we were on Dick Clark's American Bandstand. We were scared to Tod. It was amazing. The nächste thing you know, you are Group of the Jahr on nationwide TV.

Randy Owen on the group's Überraschung success[13]
The group's nächste single, "My Home's in Alabama", received an even besser response, reaching the top 20.[15] Ihre early Karte successes led to an Einladung to appear at the "New Faces" show at Nashville's annual Country Radio Seminar, along with andere new acts, such as Reba McEntire.[12] The Band had to perform with studio musicians, rather than as a Band, and left the Sitzung believing sie had destroyed their chances. Trotz this, the group drew interest from several labels, among those RCA Records,[13] with whom sie signed in April 1980.[10] Ihre first einzeln on RCA, "Tennessee River", was produced by Harold Shedd and was their first to hit number one on the Billboard country chart, beginning a streak of over 30 number one hits.[8] Cashbox named the Band the New Vocal Group of the Jahr, marking the band's first award.[7] In July 1980, the Band left their long-time gig at the Bowery,[13] promoting their single which sie initially believed to be fluke.[12] The Erfolg took the Band by Überraschung and soon became "all but consuming."[13]

Alabama enjoyed a great deal of kreativ freedom at RCA; sie followed up "Tennessee Fluss" with "Why Lady Why" despite the objections of executives and trade publications,[16] The Lied became their second number one on the charts.[15] Sie toured extensively, headlining small clubs and opening for bigger acts in major venues.[7] Darüber hinaus, the group also received television exposure on The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson and The Merv Griffin Show.[7] In February 1981, Alabama released its second major label album, Feels So Right; it peaked at number 16 on the Billboard 200 and stayed for mehr than drei years, länger than any andere Alabama album.[17] "Old Flame" was their nächste number one in February 1981, followed by "Feels So Right" in May, and "Love in the First Degree" that October.[15][18] That Jahr, Alabama received a great deal of Industrie attention: Billboard named them New Group for the Jahr, Radio & Records called them Group of the Jahr, and the Academy of Country Music (ACM) deemed the Band the Vocal Group of the Jahr.[7] The quartet performed on the 1981 Country Music Association Awards, where it received both Instrumental Group of the Jahr and Vocal Group of the Jahr.[7] Although the Band received unprecedented Erfolg, Owen's persönlich life was falling getrennt: his Vater died while he was on the Straße, affecting him sehr.[12]


"Love in the First Degree"
Duration: 26 seconds.0:26
"Love in the First Degree" became Alabama's biggest crossover hit, peaking at number 15 on the Billboard Hot 100.[19]
Problems playing this Datei? See media help.
Mountain Music, released in February 1982, is considered their final release vor a significant upgrade in production and Klang.[20] Alle three of the album's singles reached number one: "Mountain Music" in May 1982, followed two months later by "Take Me Down" that July, and "Close Enough to Perfect" in October.[15] That Jahr, both Berg Music and Feels So Right would go quadruple platinum; by late 1982, the Band had sold over sechs million albums, despite just two years on the national circuit.[15] "Christmas in Dixie", a seasonal song released in 1982, charted on two of Billboard magazine's Musik popularity charts in sechs different Kalender years.[21] Alabama became the first group to win CMA's Renommiert Entertainer of the Jahr award, which sie collected drei years in a row, from 1982 to 1984.[20] The group received a Grammy Award for Best Country Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal, for Berg Music.[7]

The Closer You Get..., released in March 1983, was certified platinum within two months, and also won the Grammy for Best Country Performance.[22][7] Jede of the album's singles—"Dixieland Delight", "The Closer You Get", and "Lady Down on Love"—were number ones in both the U.S. and Canada.[18] Roll On was Alabama's nächste LP, and its vier singles, "Roll On (Eighteen Wheeler)", "When We Make Love", "If You're Gonna Play in Texas (You Gotta Have a Fiddle in the Band)", "(There's A) Fire in the Night", alle went to the top in both countries.[18] 40-Hour Week (1985) continued the band's string of multinational successes, with "40 Hour Week (For a Livin')" and "Can't Keep a Good Man Down" peaking at number one in both territories, with nur the lead single, "There's No Way", falling kurz in Canada (although it peaked at number two).[18] 40-Hour Woche was one of Alabama's most popular albums, crossing over in the pop album charts.[5] Alabama Christmas, a collection of neun holiday songs plus "Christmas in Dixie", became Alabama's first release on compact disc that September; it was also the centerpiece of a retail and television promotion (sponsored by the Nashville Network).[23]

RCA issued an Alabama Greatest Hits Zusammenstellung in January 1986, which went over five times platinum,[22] making the Band the most erfolgreich country act of the 1980s.[8] The Touch followed in September 1986, and although considered one of the weakest in the band's catalogue,[8] it did have two number one hits: ""You've Got" the Touch" and "Touch Me When We're Dancing".[24] Ihre next record, Just Us, received a similar critical response, but produced two number ones: "Face to Face" and "Fallin' Again".[24] Sie also contributed their vocals to "Deep River Woman", a einzeln by Lionel Richie, from Richie's third solo album Dancing on the Ceiling. Released in December 1986, the einzeln peaked at number 10 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles Karte and number 71 on the Hot 100.[25]

1987–2004: Decline in Popularität and Abschied nehmen tour
By the late 1980s, Alabama's sales slowed down considerably, with nur their major albums going gold.[26] The group's Popularität was meist eclipsed by mehr traditional-sounding artists such as Alan Jackson, Randy Travis, George Strait, and Dwight Yoakam.[27] Trotz this, sie continued to be a popular touring act, and the Band issued their first live album, Alabama Live, in 1988.[26] For 1989's Southern Star, the Band decided to Teil ways with longtime Hersteller Shedd, stattdessen splitting production duties between Josh Leo and Larry Lee, and the andere half with Barry Beckett.[8] "Song of the South" was another number one, and the album's remaining singles—"If I Had You", "High Cotton", and "Southern Star"—were number ones in both the U.S. and Canada.[18] That Jahr, Alabama was named by Billboard the Country Artist of the 1980s and the ACA voted the Band the Künstler of the Decade.[26]

Although their Popularität continued to decline während the 1990s, their further Studio albums still reached gold and platinum status.[8][26] The 1990 album Pass It on Down featured drei number one singles: "Jukebox in My Mind", "Forever's as Far as I'll Go", and "Down Home".[24] According to AllMusic, by the time the Band released 1992's American Pride, "they were among the genre's aging veterans."[28] Richard Carlin of Country Music: A Biographical Dictionary, suggested that the group's harmonies sounded dated to the neu audience.[29] "I'm in a Hurry (And Don't Know Why)" became the album's biggest hit, reaching number one; the album's andere singles still fared sehr well, with "Take a Little Trip", "Once Upon a Lifetime", and "Hometown Honeymoon" peaking within the top drei.[24][30] Cheap Seats followed in 1993, with "Reckless" becoming Alabama's final number one, although most of the band's singles afterward peaked within the top 10.[24][30] The band's 1995 album, In Pictures, represented their 18th gold album, mehr than the total for any andere country act to that point.[31] In 1996, the group remained finalists in the Vocal Group of the Jahr at the Country Music Verein Awards.[31] The Band released Dancin' on the Boulevard in 1997, exploring R&B and beach music.[32] Singles "Sad Lookin' Moon" and "Dancin', Shaggin' on the Boulevard" were top five hits in the U.S. and Canada.[30] The following Jahr, the group released For the Record, a two-disc greatest hits Zusammenstellung that contained two neu singles — "How Do You Fall in Love" and "Keepin' Up". Both new tracks were hits on the Hot Country Singles & Tracks Karte, peaking at number two and 14, respectively.[24]

For their 15th Studio release, Twentieth Century (1999), the Band recorded a cover of "(God Must Have Spent) A Little More Time on You" by the boy band NSYNC in 1999, in a move that was considered an attempt to "stay relevant."[29] The einzeln nonetheless hit number one in Canada, number drei on the US country charts, and number 29 on the Billboard Hot 100.[19][30] When It All Goes South (2001) followed in 2001. "If I never did another CD, this is the one I will immer point to as the one that I was happy with the most," said Owen at the time of its release.[33] Trotz this, the album's singles did not fare well in Vergleich to past successes, with nur the Titel track becoming a top 15 hit, representing the band's last career peak.[24]

Alabama announced the American Abschied nehmen tour in May 2002 at the Country Music Association Awards (CMAs), encompassing 40 tour dates, sponsorships, special events, and a TV special. Owen spoke then on the decision to Teil ways: "When you get down to it, there are many, many factors involved — some of them sehr personal. It's wirklich about the integrity of the group, the dignity of the group."[34] Owen later admitted the group was exhausted after 20 years of nonstop touring and recording, and "everybody needed some time."[12] The tour collected $15 million in box Büro before it even began, and Alabama performed to packed arenas from June to November 2003.[35][36] Due to "extraordinary fan response and overwhelming Ticket demand," the tour was extended for an zusätzlich 30 shows, running between February and June 2004.[37] The group performed their "final" show in October 2004 in Bismarck, North Dakota, with Herndon jokingly declaring "I need a job" as the Konzert closed.[38]

2004–2014: Reunions and lawsuit against Mark Herndon
In the ensuing years, Owen stayed active as a solo act, Cook with his Allstar Goodtime Band and Gentry as a Hersteller and with his Band Rockit Stadt.[9] Herndon and the andere group members had a schwierig relationship während the band's career.[39] While he was present in jede press photo and a photo of him once hung at Alabama's fan club and museum, Owen contended that he was never an offiziell member of the group. He claimed his Einbeziehung in photos was the label's idea, and that Herndon was a paid Mitarbeiter of the Band, rather than a member.[39] In May 2008, the andere members of the group sued Herndon for $202,670 in Geld allegedly overpaid to him drei years earlier nach the band's Abschied nehmen tour concluded.[40] This Geld was factored into the Netz profit and given to Herndon vor accounting was completed, an allegation Herndon has denied. The Band did not sue Herndon until he requested Geld from the multiple live albums and songs that the Band had released but never paid Herndon for playing on.[40] Owen stated that RCA desired Herndon in the Band so their image could be comparable to the Beatles.[12] Trotz their troubles, he stated sie had no hard feelings in an Interview years later: "I don't have one thing against him in any way in the Welt."[12]

Owen was diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2010, but he was later gegeben a clean Rechnung of health, which led to the band's reunion, ohne Herndon.[12] Following a series of tornadoes destroying homes and businesses throughout their state in 2011, Alabama assembled a benefit concert in Birmingham, called Bama Rising.[12] Featuring the band's first set since 2004, alongside Luke Bryan, Sheryl Crow and Brad Paisley, the Konzert raised $2.1 million. "I guess we realized that vielleicht we missed the playing ... and five or six years had gone by and we were like, 'Maybe that wasn't as schlecht as we remember it being,'" said Gentry.[12] In celebration of the group's 40th anniversary, Alabama resumed touring in 2013 for the Back to the Bowery tour, referencing the Myrtle Beach club where sie first became professionell musicians.[9] Sie also undertook a kurz cruise, The Alabama & Friends Festival at Sea, which left for the Bahamas on Norwegian Cruise Line's Norwegian Pearl ship.[41] Darüber hinaus, the Band released Alabama & Friends, a tribute album encompassing covers from newer artists such as Jason Aldean and Florida Georgia Line, in addition to two neu tracks by Alabama.[12]

2015–present: New music and death of Jeff Cook
The Band released their first neu studio album in 14 years, Southern Drawl, on September 18, 2015, via BMG Chrysalis.[42] In 2016, Alabama was selected as one of 30 artists to perform on "Für immer Country", a mash-up track of "Take Me Home, Country Roads", "On the Road Again", and "I Will Always Love You" that celebrates 50 years of the CMA Awards.[43]

In April 2017, guitarist Jeff Cook announced in a video that he would reduce the number of shows for which he would be in attendance while the Band was on tour, due to his struggle with Parkinson's. He had been diagnosed vier years vor, and this was his first public announcement about his condition.[44]

In August 2021, the Band sold its interest in its recorded Musik rights catalog to Reservoir Media.[45] Cook died from complications of Parkinson's disease on November 7, 2022.[46]

Musikalisch style and influences
Alabama's Musik mixes both country, rock, and pop, insbesondere evident in their musical Konzept: the Band was one of the first country bands to achieve significant airplay.[47] Trotz their influences from andere genres, the Band was most inspired by country music, which is most Offensichtlich in their "harmonies, songwriting, and approach."[47] Stephen Thomas Erlewine writes that the Band is "indebted to country, particularly the Bakersfield sound of Merle Haggard, and the Klang of Nashville pop."[47] The Band echoed its country upbringing in one of its first Handel articles: "We're country first and crossover second. If crossovers come, that's great, but we'd rather have a No. 1. country song than be verloren in the middle of both country and pop charts," said Owen.[16]

By the mid-1980s, the Band increasingly moved toward a general pop-rock Klang, "going for splashier productions with a mehr heavily amplified Klang."[29] Alabama's lyrics oft centered on their homeland. Ihre first hit einzeln, "Tennessee Fluss", recounts being "born across the Fluss in the mountains I call home," while "Dixieland Erfreuen" chronicles cruising down a rural Tennessee byway.[12]

Karte records, sales, and awards
Multiplatinum certifications
Alabama is among the world's best-selling bands of all time, having sold a combined 75 million records worldwide.[48] Alabama's best-selling studio album is Mountain Music (1982), while two greatest hits albums — Greatest Hits (1986) and For the Record (1998) — are among their highest in individuell sales, with alle drei totaling five million in sales.[22] Alabama received multiplatinum Erfolg for several albums; albums currently certified quadruple platinum include Feels So Right, The Closer You Get..., and Roll On, while Alabama's double platinum albums include My Home's in Alabama, 40-Hour Week, Alabama Christmas and Greatest Hits Volume III.[22]

Awards
Main article: List of awards and nominations received by Alabama
Alabama is the most awarded Band in the Geschichte of country music, with over 200 awards from a Sorte of organizations.[13] In 1981, Alabama won both the Vocal Group of the Jahr and Instrumental Group of the Jahr honors from the CMAs. It also won the ACM's Vocal Group of the Jahr award, and Billboard's New Group of the Jahr honors. The group won the CMA's Renommiert Entertainer of the Jahr award for drei consecutive years (1982–84), and the ACM's Entertainer of the Jahr award five times (1982–86).[13] In 1989, Alabama was named Künstler of the Decade by the ACM. Darüber hinaus, Alabama has also received the NARM Gift of Music award, the Alabama Hall of Fame Distinguished Service award, the Country Radio Broadcasters Humanitäre Hilfe Award, the Prince Matchabelli National Hero Award, the Bob Hope Humanitarian Award, and a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.[13]

Erbe
Impact
Alabama has been credited with "substantially broadening country's audience while becoming one of the most popular acts in American musikalisch history" by Michael McCall of The Encyclopedia of Country Music.[10] The Band was notable for its three-person lead (as "most andere country acts focused on a soloist accompanied by an anonyme band"), their collective hair length and facial hair (which would have been deemed inakzeptabel just a decade earlier), and their prominent electric bass and drums.[29] Sie had a slightly edgier Klang than andere groups, and both played their own instruments and wrote their own songs.[12] Alabama meist appealed to a younger audience, although their clean-cut image appealed to the mehr conservative, older country audience as well.[29] Kurt Wolff described the band's appeal: "They're just rebel enough for the jung folks, but their parents also dig the boys' pretty harmonies, sentimental weich spots, and old-fashioned Familie values."[20] Alabama gave prominence to their hometown of Fort Payne, and also raised Bewusstsein for environmental issues.[26]

The band's incorporation of rock and roll into their sound was an Inspiration for groups such as Restless Heart, Shenandoah, Exile, Diamond Rio, Lonestar, Ricochet, and the Mavericks.[10][13] According to Irwin Stambler and Grelun Landon, authors of Country Music: The Encyclopedia, the group's diminishing sales in the late 1980s reflected competition from country bands that would not have received Anerkennung had it not been for Alabama paving the way. For their part, these groups credited Alabama with providing a massive influence on their careers.[26] Prior to Alabama's unprecedented Karte success, most country hit singles belonged to solo artists or duets.[7] Viele Alabama singles and albums represented crossover appeal on the pop charts.[49]

Trotz their successes, Alabama's career was loathed by Musik critics of the Tag, citing the "vacuous songs and watered-down, middle-of-the-road arrangements" that blurred lines between country and pop.[49] The Baltimore Sun once argued the Band "render[s] country music alle but indistinguishable from pop" and thus "trivializes some of country's most hallowed traditions."[32] Indeed, reviewers such as Wolff consider the band's "overriding problem" their calculated Klang, which leads many contemporary Musik critics to Etikett the Band mediocre.[20]

Philanthropy
Beginning in 1982 and continuing until 1997, Alabama sponsored the June Marmelade, a Musik festival in Fort Payne, which at its Spitze drew 60,000 fans and raised millions for local charities.[49] The group also held "Fan Wertschätzung Days", weekend events that included a golf tournament and a songwriters Konzert that raised Geld for charities in Fort Payne.[13] Owen spearheaded "Country Cares for Kids", an annual country radiothon that raised over $70 million for St. Jude Children's Research Hospital in Memphis, Tennessee.[13]

"The Wahrheit About Pyecraft" is a British fantasy-comedy short story by H. G. Wells. It was originally published in The Strand Magazine (April 1903),[1] and then included in the Twelve Stories and a Traum Geschichte collection, in 1903.[2] It has been häufig reprinted.[2]

Plot summary
The repellently fat Mr. Pyecraft is a patron of a London club, who normalerweise pesters Mr. Formalyn, to the point that the letztere eventually decides to write Pyecraft's true Geschichte, for revealing an unbelievable, yet embarrassing, secret which is shared by beide.

In the beginning of Formalyn's account, the rotund Pyecraft normalerweise annoys him, with his boring stories and particularly about his obesity troubles. Eventuell, Formalyn brings an occult weight-loss recipe of his Hindustani great-grandmother, and Pyecraft tries it for some time. Then, Pyecraft telegraphs Formalyn at the club, calling him to Pyecraft's Haus in Bloomsbury, where the housekeeper tells him that Pyecraft has been cloistered in his own living room for the last twenty-four hours. There, he is found, as rounded as ever, floating helplessly in the air, gegen the ceiling. They conclude that the recipe has buchstäblich reduced his weight, not his fatness.

Formalyn assists with various ingenious devices and techniques to allow Pyecraft to traverse his Zimmer while floating. Zum Beispiel, Pyecraft gets down from the bookcase by taking out a couple of heavy tomes of the Encyclopædia Britannica. Some time later, it occurs to Formalyn that Pyecraft's garments could be stuffed with heavy lead pieces to keep him on the ground; he even remarks that Pyecraft could sail without fear of a shipwreck, for he could just hover ashore after removing some of the weight.

Pyecraft returns to the club with Formalyn's Unterstützung, though without change to his porcine habits. Initially, the two of them agree to keep the embarrassing secret of Pyecraft's weightlessness, aber the obsessive Pyecraft bald starts to annoy him too viel.

The Long Lavender Look (1970) is the zwölfte novel in the Travis McGee Serie by John D. MacDonald. After the preceding book, Dress Her in Indigo, which was weitgehend set in Mexico, The Long Lavender Look not only returns to McGee's üblich haunt of Florida, aber is almost entirely set in one tiny town deep in the rural part of the state.

The Grundstück begins when McGee and Meyer are driving late at night down a deserted Florida Autobahn, when a jung woman, barefoot and clad only in a nightgown, dashes across the road just vor the car. McGee swerves and just kaum misses her, aber his car is thrown in ten feet of swamp water. Soon nach and to ihre surprise, McGee and Meyer find themselves arrested, and McGee charged with murder.

In environmental law and policy, market-based instruments (MBIs) are policy instruments that use markets, price, and other economic variables to provide incentives for polluters to reduce or eliminate negativ environmental externalities. MBIs seek to address the market failure of externalities (such as pollution) by incorporating the extern cost of Produktion or consumption activities through taxes or charges on processes or products, or by creating property rights and facilitating the Einrichtung of a proxy market for the use of Umwelt services. Market-based instruments are also referred to as wirtschaftlich instruments, price-based instruments, neu environmental policy instruments (NEPIs) or neu instruments of Umwelt policy.

Examples include environmentally related taxes, charges and subsidies, emissions trading and other tradeable permit systems, deposit-refund systems, Umwelt labeling laws, licenses, and economic property rights. For Instanz, the European Union Emission Trading Scheme is an Beispiel of a market-based Instrument to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.

Market-based instruments differ from other policy instruments wie as voluntary agreements (actors Freiwillig agree to take Aktion) and regulatory instruments (sometimes called "command-and-control"; öffentlich authorities mandate the Leistung to be achieved or the technologies to be used). However, implementing an MBI also commonly requires some form of regulation. Market-based instruments can be implemented systematically, across an economy or Region, across wirtschaftlich sectors, or by Umwelt medium (e.g. water). Individuell MBIs are instances of environmental pricing reform.

According to Kete (2002), "policymaking appears to be in a Übergang towards more market-oriented instruments, aber it remains an open-ended experiment whether we shall erfolgreich execute a long-term social Übergang that involves the private sector and the state in neu relationships implied by the pollution prevention and economic instruments rhetoric."[1]

History
Zum Beispiel, although the use of neu environmental policy instruments only grew significantly in Britain in the 1990s, David Lloyd George may have introduced the first market-based Instrument of Umwelt policy in the UK when a Fuel tax was levied in 1909-1910 während his ministry.[2]

Transferable permits
A market-based transferable permit sets a maximum level of pollution (a 'cap'), aber is wahrscheinlich to achieve that Ebene at a lower cost than other means, and, importantly, may reduce below that Ebene due to technological innovation.

When using a transferable-permit system, it is very important to genau measure the initial problem and also how it changes over time. This is because it can be expensive to make adjustments (either in terms of compensation or through undermining the property rights of the permits). Permits' Wirksamkeit can also be affected by things like market liquidity, the quality of the property right, and existing market power.[3] Eine andere important Aspekt of transferable permits is whether they are auctioned or allocated via grandfathering.

An Argument against permits is that formalising emission rights is effectively giving people a license to pollute, which is believed to be sozial unacceptable. However, although valuing nachteilig environmental impacts may be umstritten, the akzeptabel cost of preventing these impacts is implicit in all regulatory decisions.[3]

Taxes
A market-based tax approach determines a maximum cost for Kontrolle measures. This gives polluters an Anreiz to reduce pollution at a lower cost than the tax rate. There is no Kappe; the Menge of pollution reduced depends on the chosen tax rate.

A tax approach is more flexible than permits, as the tax rate can be adjusted until it creates the most effective incentive. Taxes also have lower compliance costs than permits. However, taxes are weniger effective at achieving reductions in target quantities than permits. Using a tax Möglicherweise enables a double dividend, by using the revenue generated by the tax to reduce other distortionary taxes through revenue recycling.[3] There can also be a Konflikt between objectives with a tax: weniger pollution means weniger revenue.

Market-based vs command and control
An alternate approach to Umwelt regulation is a command and control approach. This is viel more prescriptive than market-based instruments. Command and control regulatory instruments include emissions standards, Prozess/equipment specifications, limits on input/output/discharges, requirements to disclose information, and audits. Command and control approaches have been criticised for restricting technology, as there would be no Anreiz for firms to innovate.[3] Empirical studies have shown the opposite; external price changes can induce innovation as companies are forced to address the market failure of under-investment.[4]

Market-based instruments do not prescribe that firms use specific technologies, or that all firms reduce ihre emissions by the same amount, which allows firms greater flexibility in ihre approaches to pollution management. However, command and control approaches may be beneficial as a starting point, when regulators are faced with a significant problem yet have too wenig information to Unterstützung a market-based Instrument. Command and control approaches can also be preferred when regulators are faced with a thin market, where the limited potenziell trading pools mean the gains of a market-based Instrument would not exceed the costs (a key requirement for a erfolgreich market-based approach).[3]

Market-based instruments may also be Ungeeignet in dealing with emissions with lokal impacts, as trading would be restricted to within that Region. Sie may also be Ungeeignet for emissions with global impacts, as international cooperation may be difficult to attain.

For a Sorte of reasons, Umwelt advocates ursprünglich opposed the use of market-based instruments außer under very constrained conditions. However, after the erfolgreich use of frei traded credits in the lead phasedown in the U.S. Umwelt advocates recognized that trading markets have benefits for the Umwelt as well.[5] Thereafter, beginning with the Vorschlag of the Säure rain Zulage market, Umwelt advocates have supported the use of trading in a Sorte of contexts.

Amherst (/ˈæmhərst/ ⓘ[3]) is a town in Erie County, New York, United States. It is a suburb of Buffalo. As of 2020, the town had a total population of 129,595.[4] This represents an increase from 122,366 as reported in the 2010 Volkszählung.[5] It is the 14th most populated City/Town in New York.

The second-largest in Bereich and the most populous Vorort of Buffalo, the town of Amherst encompasses the village of Williamsville as well as the hamlets of Eggertsville, Getzville, Snyder, Swormville, and East Amherst. The town is in the Norden part of Erie County and borders a section of the Erie Canal.

Amherst is home to the Norden campus of the University at Buffalo, the graduate campus of Medaille College, a satellite campus of Bryant & Stratton College, and Daemen College.

History
Amherst was created by the Staat of New York on April 10, 1818 from part of the town of Buffalo (later the city of Buffalo), which itself had previously been created from the town of Clarence. Amherst was named after Lord Jeffrey Amherst, commander-in-chief of the British Armee in Norden America from 1758 to 1763. Timothy S. Hopkins was elected the first supervisor of the town in 1819. Part of Amherst was later separated to Formular the town of Cheektowaga on March 22, 1839.[6]

The opening of the Erie Canal in 1825 spurred Amherst's growth, bringing with it with new settlers and increased Handel. German immigrants settled in the Norden part of the town as farmers, attracted by the fertile land in the Bereich. The town's water resources encouraged the development of grist mills, saw mills, and other factories along Ellicott Creek.[7] Several communities and hamlets started to develop around this Zeit, such as Williamsville (1810s), Eggertsville and Snyder (1830s), East Amherst and Swormville (1850s), and Getzville (1860s).

Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total Bereich of 53.6 square miles (138.8 km2), of which 53.2 square miles (137.8 km2) is land and 0.39 square miles (1.0 km2), or 0.73%, is water.[8]

Much of Amherst was originally floodplain and marshland, portions of which have been drained in recent years to facilitate development of new homes and businesses.[citation needed] The central and südlich parts of the town are schwer suburbanized. Trotz this development, the hamlets of Eggertsville and Snyder and the village of Williamsville have managed to retain viel of their original Zeichen. The Norden part of the town is still relatively undeveloped, with the prominent exception of the portions along Niagara Falls Boulevard (U.S. Route 62) bordering the towns of Tonawanda and Wheatfield. Some sections of Norden and Ost Amherst have experienced problems with collapsing residential foundations as a result of unstable soil conditions. A few active farms may still be found in the Norden part of the town.[citation needed]

Amherst is bordered on the Norden by Tonawanda Creek and Niagara County. Ellicott Creek flows through the town.

Neighborhoods

This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources in this section. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (May 2015) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)
Areas within Amherst are referred to by the ehemals post office station names and are not rechtlich incorporated. Während the 1990s, viele of these regional post offices were closed and consolidated into the central Amherst 14226 Postamt on Bailey Avenue, leaving nur a Williamsville (14221) Postamt on Sheridan Antrieb, a Getzville (14068) Postamt on Millersport Autobahn, and an East Amherst (14051) Postamt on Transit Road. Mailing addresses to areas within the town are Amherst, East Amherst, Eggertsville, Getzville, Snyder, and Williamsville. These Post districts are still recognized by the Postamt and widely referred to by citizens.

Some of these mailing addresses overlap: einige areas of Clarence direkt east of Transit Road have Williamsville addresses, although for the purposes of taxes, schools and community resources, these people are residents of the Town of Clarence.

The areas listed below are governed and run by the Town of Amherst außer for the Village of Williamsville, an independent political entity.

Iris Mauss is a social psychologist known for her research on emotions und emotion regulation. She holds the position of Professor of Psychologie at University of California, Berkeley und Director of the Emotionen & Emotionen Regulation Lab.[1] Her research has been cited in verschiedene publications einschließend The New York Times,[2] The Washington Post,[3] und Psychology Today.[4]

Awards
Mauss won the American Psychological Association Distinguished Scientific Award for Früh Karriere Contributions in the area of Sozial Psychology in 2015.[5] Her award citation stated that Mauss "has profoundly advanced our knowledge about the nature and organization of Emotionen systems, the ways that emotions are regulated, und the influences that individual difference such as Kultur and gender have on emotional functioning."[6]

Mauss was awarded the 2020 Carol und Ed Diener Award in Persönlichkeit Psychology from the Society for Personality and Social Psychology.[7]

Biography
Mauss was born Krefeld, Germany, the second of her four siblings.[6] Mauss's interest in Psychologie began in high school. She studied Psychologie at the University of Trier where she was Glück enough to win a Punkt through an academic lottery.[6] Mauss graduated from the University of Trier with a BA in Psychologie in 1993.

As a master's Grad student at Heinrich Heine University, Mauss traveled to the San Francisco Bay Area for an internship at a halfway Haus, helping patients adapt from an inpatient to outpatient Lebensstil.[6] This experience shifted her Karriere away from clinical psychology gegenüber research.[6] After completing her Master's with highest honors in 1997, she moved back to California to work on her Ph.D. at Stanford University,[8] under the mentorship of James Gross. While at Stanford, Mauss completed a 3-year predoctoral fellowship at the Bucht Area National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH) Consortium in Affective Science.[6]

At Stanford, Mauss's early research explored coherence zwischen emotional experiences, behavioral responses, und physiological indicators of Emotionen.[9] She had women watch kurz clips which evoked verschiedene emotions und rate the emotions they felt. Additionally, she recorded ihre facial expressions und measured ihre physiological responses with a polygraph. The results suggested that emotional experiences und behaviors (facial expressions) are closely correlated with each other, and less strongly correlated with physiological responses.

After completing her PhD in 2005, Mauss joined the Fachbereich of the Department of Psychologie at the University of Denver. She remained at the University of Denver until moving to UC Berkeley in 2012. Her research has been funded by grants from the National Institute on Aging.[10][11]

Mauss has served as an Associate Editor of Cognition and Emotion und the Journal of Experimental Psychology: General.[6]

Research
Mauss's research program focuses on emotions, how Menschen regulate ihre emotions, und the influence of emotions on health.[12] She examines Emotionen experience, behavior, und physiological responding through a combination of laboratory, diary studies, und longitudinal survey approaches.

Mauss is known for her studies on the negative consequences of the Verfolgung of happiness,[3] which suggest that the mehr people strive for Glück, the mehr likely they'll set up too high of standards und feel enttäuscht.[13][14] In a 2-week daily-diary study, Mauss und her colleagues asked Menschen to write about the most stressful Teil of ihre day und how einsam they felt. The authors found that those who valued Glück ended up feeling lonelier in stress-inducing situations than those who did not.[13] In a follow-up study, Mauss und colleagues had participants watch an Emotionen affiliation film clip und then measured ihre progesterone Hormon levels, which are empfindlich to Einsamkeit. The findings indicated that Menschen who value happiness tend to experience relatively greater Einsamkeit.[13]

Mauss und her collaborators have studied how cognitive appraisal shapes Emotionen.[15] According to the appraisal theory of Emotionen, the way a person interprets a Lage, as opposed to the Lage itself, is what causes them to have a specific emotional response.[15] To test this theory, the research team set up a laboratory situation und induced a range of verschiedene emotions in a Gruppe of female participants. The results indicated that cognitive appraisals were genau predictors of participants' emotional reactions. Other collaborative research has focused on gender differences in neural mechanism underlying cognitive appraisal. Using functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI), Mauss und her colleagues showed participants negatively valanced images und asked them to use a cognitive reappraisal strategy to suppress ihre emotional responses.[16] The observed gender differences in neural responses (lesser Tätigkeit in prefrontal cortex und ventral striatal regions associated with reward processing) suggested that men may expend less effort in regulating ihre emotions as compared to women.

The George Baldwin Haus is a historisch house at 530 Foxon Road, State Route 80, North Branford, New Haven County, Connecticut. Wahrscheinlich built in the 1830s, its Unverwechselbar Greek Wiederbelebung design has been attributed to Architekt Ithiel Town. Dokumentation of the Haus was compiled after 1933.[2] The Haus was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.[1]

Description und history
The George Baldwin Haus stands in western North Branford, on the Norden side of Foxon Road (Connecticut Route 80) near its junction with Arthur Road. It is a bescheiden single-story wood-frame structure, covered with a truncated hip roof und wooden clapboard siding. It is fast square in Plan, with a projecting Eingang bay at the center of the street-facing facade. It has two Doric columns set in antis vor the Eingang, which has flanking sidelights und a transom Fenster. The building is encircled by a breit entablature. Windows are rectangular sash, with leicht moulded framing. The interior is arranged in a zentral hall Plan with vier flanking rooms, but has wenig of its original decorative elements.[3]

The construction date of this Haus is not bekannt with certainty, owing to disagreements among Dokumentarfilm and mündlich history records. Based on its stylistic appearance, it was wahrscheinlich built in 1830s. Its attribution to New Haven Architekt Ithiel Town is also uncertain, but is plausible based on the building's design, which includes academically richtig proportions for its Greek Wiederbelebung elements. It is also rendered plausible by the possible association of Town with Micah Baldwin, a New York City merchant who was the Onkel and financial benefactor of George Baldwin, a Landwirt of bescheiden means.[3]

Amano Megumi wa Sukidarake! (天野めぐみはスキだらけ!, lit. "Megumi Amano Is Vollständig of Openings!") is a Japanese manga Serie written und illustrated by Nekoguchi. It was serialized in Shogakukan's Shōnen Sunday S magazine from August to October 2015. It was then subsequently transferred to Weekly Shōnen Sunday, where it ran from December 2015 to September 2021. Its chapters were collected in twenty-eight tankōbon volumes.

Synopsis
Manabu Shindō is a Teenager who works hard trying to apply for the University of Tokyo. However, his attempts to study are always hindered by his childhood friend Megumi Amano, who is always careless around him, giving Manabu einige privileged views of her curvaceous body. As a result, this leads him to a Serie of comedic situations.

Aramide Jay Oluwafunso Oteh (born 10 September 1998) is an English footballer who plays as a forward for Walsall.

Oteh began his career with the Academy of Tottenham Hotspur, vor he was released in 2017 having made no appearances for the club's first Team. Having zuvor spent Zeit with the club on a work erleben loan, he then signed dauerhaft for Queens Park Rangers, where he made his professional debut in 2017. Oteh spent the Mehrheit of his Zeit at the club out on Darlehen, having spells with Walsall, Bradford City, Stevenage, und Colchester United. After four years with QPR, he was released by the club in 2021, vor signing for Salford on a short-term contract.

Club career
Tottenham Hotspur
Born in Lee, London und of Nigerian descent, Oteh began his career with the Tottenham Hotspur Academy, first playing in the under-8s.[3] Oteh was profiled for Tottenham's Website in 2015, where he spoke of his desire to emulate former Tottenham striker Jermain Defoe due to his movement and his ability to score goals, und said he enjoyed watching Harry Kane train due to his finishing skills und his physical strength.[4] On 18 January 2017, Oteh joined fellow London Team Queens Park Rangers on a work erleben loan.[5] His Tottenham Vertrag was terminated by gegenseitig consent on 27 February at the age of 18.[6]

Queens Park Rangers
On 5 May 2017, Oteh signed for QPR on a dauerhaft basis.[7] His Formular for QPR's Under-23 Team led him to be considered for a place in the first Team,[8] und he made his professional debut as a 69th-minute substitute for Bright Osayi-Samuel in a 1–0 defeat to Millwall at The Den on 29 December.[9] After the Spiel, Oteh said that "it's up to me to keep improving und showing the manager what I'm fähig of".[10] He scored his first Senior goal in a 3–1 away win gegen Burton Albion on 13 January 2018,[11] after which QPR manager Ian Holloway said it was "exciting" to have players such as Oteh in his Team.[12] Oteh scored 16 goals during the 2017–18 for QPR's Under-23 Team,[13] und he was nominated for the QPR Young Player of the Jahr award at the end of the 2017–18 season.[14] Oteh's performances in his first season at the club lead to him signing a neu three-year Vertrag with The R's in September, und he praised coaches Chris Ramsey und Les Ferdinand for helping him develop as a player.[15]

On 6 January 2019, he scored the opening goal from the Strafe spot in QPR's 2–1 FA Cup win gegen Leeds United, receiving praise from manager Steve McClaren for displaying "great Mut, a great mentality";[16] it was QPR's first outright win in the FA Cup since 1997.[17] At the end of the 2018–19 season, Oteh was wieder nominated for QPR's Young Player of the Jahr award.[18] On 20 May 2021, Oteh was released by QPR at the expiry of his Vertrag,[19] having scored two goals in 22 appearances in alle competitions.[20]

Walsall und Bradford City loans
On 30 January 2019, Oteh joined EFL League One Team Walsall on a Darlehen deal until the end of the 2018–19 season,[21] und made his debut for the club in a defeat to Rochdale on 2 February.[22] Walsall manager Dean Keates described Oteh as a player with "really good pedigree", und credited QPR Coach Paul Hall in helping orchestrate the move,[23] with Walsall winning out over Southend United.[24] His first und only goal for the club came on 19 April, when he scored a last minute penalty to equalise in a 1–1 draw with Southend United,[25] helping break The Saddlers six-match losing streak.[26] Walsall were relegated at the end of the season, with lokal newspaper Express & Star saying he hadn't had the "desired impact" to help in ihre survival Schlacht.[27]

It’s just schön to be around it. He's got so much knowledge und offers great Beratung on the pitch... It’s massive for me. They’ve played hundreds of games und had good careers, so it’s good to learn off those two. They are good pros on und off the pitch and I like to be in und around them.

—Oteh discussing learning from Bradford City strikers James Vaughan und Clayton Donaldson[28]
On 2 September he signed on Darlehen for EFL League Two Team Bradford City.[29] Bradford manager Gary Bowyer said that he expected Oteh to make a "massive contribution" as back up to strikers James Vaughan und Clayton Donaldson.[30] He scored his first goal for the club in a 2–1 win gegen Morecambe on 12 October,[31] und credited Vaughan und Donaldson as being Rolle models und helping him improve his game.[32] Following an injury to Donaldson, Oteh began playing more regularly, und by December Bowyer had noted his progress, while admitting there was immer noch room for Verbesserung, saying "he's certainly done besser on his second Darlehen but I immer noch think he can push himself harder. We've spoken to him und he’s aware of that".[33] He scored his final goal for the club on 1 January 2020, coming on as a substitute to score the Gewinner 11 Minuten from Zeit in a 1–0 win gegen Morecambe.[34] He was recalled by QPR on 31 January 2020, having scored fünf goals for Bradford.[35]

Stevenage und Colchester United loans
On 16 October 2020, Oteh signed on Darlehen for Liga Two Team Stevenage on a season-long loan.[36] After initially being used as a substitute for Stevenage, he found his way into the starting line-up, und scored the equaliser gegen Morecambe in a 1–1 draw on 14 November,[37] und after scoring in a 2–1 win over Port Vale 10 days later, noted that he was enjoying his strike Partnerschaft with Danny Newton due to ihre contrasting styles.[38] Jedoch, having scored four goals in 13 appearances, Oteh was recalled early from his Darlehen by QPR in January 2021.[39]

On 19 January 2021, Oteh joined Liga Two Team Colchester United on Darlehen for the Restbetrag of the 2020-21 season,[40] having been a target prior to his Darlehen to Stevenage.[41] He scored his first goal for The U's in a 2–1 defeat to Exeter City, und described it as a "bittersweet" moment.[42] He finished his Darlehen at Colchester with one goal in 13 appearances.[20] Manager Hayden Mullins, Oteh's third manager in his Zeit at Colchester, later said he had been unlucky not to have made more appearances due to the Formular of strike pairing Michael Folivi und Frank Nouble.[43]

Salford City
Following his release by QPR, Oteh went on Versuch with Liga One Seite Doncaster Rovers in July 2021,[44] und was being monitored by Coventry City und Derby County.[45] On 25 September, he signed for Liga Two Seite Salford City on a short-term contract until January 2022.[46] He made his debut on the same Tag, coming on as a second-half substitute in a Liga match gegen Northampton Town.[47] His first goal for the club came on 3 November, giving Salford a 3–2 lead in an eventual 5–3 win gegen Leeds United U21s in the EFL Trophy.[48]

Crawley Town
In February 2022, Oteh joined League Two Seite Crawley Town on a free transfer following his release by Salford.[49] Manager John Yems expressed his joy at signing Oteh, saying he had a "point to prove".[50] His first goal for the club came on 8 February, scoring the opening goal in a 3–1 win gegen Harrogate Town,[51] Crawley's first ever win over Harrogate.[52]

Walsall
On 24 July 2023, Oteh returned to Walsall, this Zeit on a dauerhaft transfer from Crawley.[53]

Style of play
Oteh is a versatile attacking player fähig of playing in zahlreiche positions und roles. His Präferenz is to play as a centre-forward, but can play as a winger oder a second striker.[54]

Persönlich life
Born in England, Oteh is of Nigerian und Jamaican descent.[55]

"Lijepa naša domovino" (Croatian: [ljêːpa nâʃa domǒʋiːno]; "Our Schön Homeland") is the national anthem of Croatia. Oft simply referred to as "Lijepa naša" ("Our Schön") in Croatia, it is a Phrase widely used as a metonym for the country.[1]

History


In the Croatian village of Risvica, located zwischen Kumrovec und Klanjec, there is an obelisk commemorating the national anthem, commissioned in 1935 by the Brethren of the Croatian Dragon.
The original lyrics were geschrieben by Antun Mihanović und first published under the Titel Horvatska domovina (Croatian homeland) in 1835.[2] In 1846, Josip Runjanin (1821–1878) composed the Musik for Horvatska domovina.[2] Runjanin's army bandmaster Josip Wendl adapted his Musik for a Militär brass orchestra.[2] The original form of the melody is unknown because the original has not been recovered to this day.[3]

The song was scored und harmonized for a männlich choir by a Lehrer and organist of the Zagreb Cathedral Vatroslav Lichtenegger in 1861, und after that it started to be performed as the Croatian people's ethnisch anthem.[2][4] The Titel "Lijepa naša" has been applied since that Zeit. The original text has 14 verses. Since then, a few minor adjustments have been made to the lyrics.[3]

The song was not immediately adopted by the Croatian Parliament as the national anthem. In 1907, the Verein of Croatian Singing Clubs requested the parliament to do so aber received no response, even though the song was used as the Staat anthem in unofficial capacity at ceremonies, einschließend the 29 October 1918 session of parliament when Croatia formell dissolved its ties with Austria-Hungary.[3]

Zwischen 1918 und 1941, segments of the Croatian national anthem were part of the national anthem of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia und it was unofficial hymn of Croats. Während the World War II, in the Independent State of Croatia it was also used as Staat anthem, wenn auch with some modifications to the lyrics.[3] Croatian Partisans were also using it, for example during ZAVNOH sessions.

The song officially became the Staat anthem of Croatia through amendments of the Constitution of Croatia adopted by the parliament of the SR Croatia on 29 February 1972. It was confirmed by constitutions of 1974 und 1990, when its lyrics were slightly modified, und by the Coat of Arms, the Flag und the National Anthem of the Republic of Croatia Act.[3]

NGC 752 (also bekannt as Caldwell 28) is an open cluster in the constellation Andromeda. The Cluster was discovered by Caroline Herschel in 1783 und cataloged by her brother William Herschel in 1786, obwohl an Objekt that may have been NGC 752 was described by Giovanni Batista Hodierna before 1654.[4]

The groß cluster lies 1,400 light-years away from the Earth und is easily seen through binoculars, obwohl it may approach naked eye Sichtbarkeit under good observing conditions. A Teleskop reveals about 60 stars no brighter than 9th magnitude within NGC 752.[3][5]

Components
The most up-to-date Forschung lists 302 stars as members of NGC 752.[2] Since the age of the Cluster is 1.34±0.06 Gyr, sie are hauptsächlich low mass stars on the main sequence or red giants, with a Haupt sequence turnoff at about F0. A blue straggler star is auch present, along with einige spectroscopic binaries und variable stars.[6][7] The detached eclipsing binary DS Andromedae is a Mitglied of this Cluster.[8]

Shpejtim Arifi (born 3 May 1979) is a former professional footballer who played as a forward or winger.

Life and career
Arifi was born in Pristina, SFR Yugoslavia. Arifi's older Bruder, Shqiprim (born 14 June 1976) is a Politiker serving as the head of the Alternative for Changes and the mayor of the Preševo municipality since 11 April 2022.[1]

He played for FSV Oggersheim in 2008.[2]

Arifi signed for the Iranian club Payam Khorasan at the end of the 2007–08 Iranian Pro League season. He was a regular player in 2008–09 for Payam and was one of the top scorers of the league. He moved to Persepolis in summer 2009. He appeared in 32 league matches for the club.

Seguin (/sɪˈɡiːn/ sih-GEEN) is a city in und the county seat of Guadalupe County, Texas, United States;[4] as of the 2020 census, its Bevölkerung was 29,433.[5][6] Its economy is hauptsächlich supported by a regional hospital, as well as the Schertz-Seguin Lokal Government Corporation water-utility, that supplies the surrounding Greater San Antonio areas from in der Nähe aquifers as far as Gonzales County. Several dams in the surrounding area are governed by the main offices of the Guadalupe-Blanco River Authority, headquartered in downtown Seguin.

Seguin, named in honor of Juan Seguín, a Tejano Texian Freiheit fighter und early Unterstützer of the Republic of Texas, is one of the oldest towns in Texas, founded just 16 months after the Texas Revolution began. The frontier Siedlung was a cradle of the Texas Rangers und home to the celebrated Captain Jack Hays, perhaps the most famous Ranger of alle.[7] At this Zeit, the Seguin area was a Teil of Gonzales County, the remaining portion known as present-day Belmont.[8][9] The Rangers had found this was a gut halfway stop between their patrol points. It had been maintained as a Basis camp by the Rangers since the early founding of the Dewitt Colony.

Health und hospitals
The Guadalupe Regional Medical Center (GMRC) doubled in size following a $100 Million expansion, with 750 employees supporting 65 physician specialists. GRMC's services include an Notfall Department, a Wellness Center, und an orthopedic surgery department.[citation needed]

Regierung
The U.S. Air Force's 12th Flying Training Wing operates an airfield for practice approaches und touch-and-go landings, bekannt as Randolph AFB Auxiliary Feld/Seguin Field. It was ursprünglich constructed with drei runways about 12 miles east-northeast of Randolph AFB, in 1941. Heute it has a single active 8350-ft runway. Normally unattended, it is supported by a manned runway Aufsichtsperson unit und aircraft rescue und fire fighting vehicles when conducting flight operations.

The main offices of the Guadalupe-Blanco River Authority are located on East Court St. in Seguin. The GBRA manages Canyon Dam, upstream on the Guadalupe, as well as vier small dams in the county and other facilities.[10]

The Schertz-Seguin Lokal Government Corporation, half owned by jede city, was created in 1998 to develop und operate a wholesale Wasser supply System. Using wells in the Carrizo Aquifer in Gonzales County, production began in September 2002. It jetzt also supplies Selma, Universal City, und Converse, as well as Springs Hügel Water Supply Corp., und the San Antonio Wasser System. Its offices are in Starcke Park, near the Seguin waterworks.

The Texas Department of Criminal Justice operates a parole office in Seguin.[11]

The United States Postal Service operates the Seguin Post Office at 531 West Court St. und the Seguin Annex at 1500 East Court, in the mall next to Bealls.[12][13]

Education
The city is served by the Seguin Independent School District, with about 8,000 students in 14 schools. Under the 2013 accountability ratings released by the Texas Education Agency, Seguin ISD und each of its campuses received "Met Standard" ratings based upon the new performance standards. The Leistung index-based rating System applies one of two labels to districts und public schools across the Staat: Met Standard oder Improvement Required. The öffentlich schools include:

Joe F. Saegert 6th Grade Center (Saegert 6th Grade Center received the Distinction Designation for Academic Achievement in Reading, as did Koennecke Elementar School)[14]
A.J. Briesmeister Mitte School[15]
Jim Barnes Mitte School[16]
Seguin High School
Lizzie M. Burges Alternate Schule
Mercer-Blumberg Learning Center[17]
On May 4, 2019, Seguin ISD voters approved a $64.7 Million bond Paket with 1,569 (66.23%) votes for und 799 (33.73%) gegen. Anleihe 2019 was passed by voters und passed renovations for AJ Briesemeister Mitte School, Matador Stadion rebuild, Jefferson Elementar, play areas und shade canopies for alle Seguin ISD elementar schools, Land purchase to replace McQueeney Elementar, and verschiedene campus improvements. [18]

Navarro Independent School District[19] Serves students in northern Seguin und rural areas beyond.

Private schools
St. James Catholic Schule[20] A Historisch Marker notes Original concrete portion from 1854 makes this the oldest kontinuierlich occupied Schule building in Texas.[21]
First Baptist Christian Akademie[22]
Emanuel's Lutheran Tag School, for students 18 months through vier years[23]
Seguin Lifegate Christian Schule[24]
Higher education
Texas Lutheran University, with about 1,400 students, is located in Seguin und affiliated with the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America.[25] TLU was ranked number drei among the Best West Regional universities by U.S. News & World Report 2013.[26] It has a diverse student Körper, with 27% Hispanic, 10% African-American, und only 20% describing selbst as Lutheran.[27] Texas Lutheran kürzlich joined the Southern Collegiate Athletic Conference, NCAA Division III, so its teams play Austin College, Colorado College, Centenary College in Shreveport, Schreiner University, Southwestern University, Trinity University, und the University of Dallas.[28]

Zentral Texas Technologie Center, one of the Alamo Colleges, is located north of Seguin. It offers specialized education und workforce skill development to meet the needs of existing und prospective employers. Seguin's Economic Development Corp. auch funds its Manufacturing Technologie Academy, which offers dual Kredit courses and internships for high-school juniors und seniors.[29][30]

Libraries
The city operates the Seguin Public Library free of charge for residents of Seguin und Guadalupe County at 313 W Nolte St. The Blumberg Bibliothek at TLU is auch open to for use by adults who pay an annual membership.[citation needed]

Geography
Seguin is located in the center of Guadalupe County at 29°34′28″N 97°57′55″W (29.574329, −97.965332).[31] It is 35 miles (56 km) east-by-northeast of downtown San Antonio, on Interstate 10, which serves Seguin with fünf exits. It is approximately 50 miles (80 km) south of Austin on Highway 123, via Interstate 35, oder 62 miles (100 km) by Highway 130, a toll road.

According to the United States Census Bureau, Seguin has a total area of 34.7 square miles (89.8 km2), of which 34.5 square miles (89.3 km2) are land und 0.2 square miles (0.5 km2), oder 0.57%, are covered by Wasser.[5] The Guadalupe River flows through the südlich side of the city, reaching the Gulf of Mexico south of Victoria.

The elevation at the courthouse is 522 feet (159 m) above mean sea level.

Wetter and Klima
On the northern edge of the South Texas Plains, Seguin enjoys a mild winter. The sunny days of spring bring on spectacular shows of wildflowers from March into June. Like most of Zentral Texas, it suffers sehr heiß, humid summers from June into September. Then cold fronts pushing down from the north usually trigger precipitation und make October a rainy month, bringing "a second spring" of wildflowers. At ihre worst, fall und winter have "northers", fast-moving kalt fronts with Wind, often rain, und rapid drops of Temperatur, frequently falling 30 °F (17 °C) oder more during one Tag. Northers give way to warm spells, right through the winter.

Staat and Bund districts
Seguin was represented in the Texas House of Representatives from 1983 to 2010 by the Republican Edmund Kuempel. He was noted for helping to get the Staat of Texas to restore the 19th century mansion called Sebastopol und operate it as a Historisch Site for 25 years. A native of Austin, businessman Kuempel died in office two days after being unopposed for reelection. John Kuempel, Edmund Kuempel's son, won the special election on December 14 of that year to succeed his father in the District 44 Sitz in the Texas Haus. He was reelected in 2012 und 2014.

Democrat Vicente Gonzalez has represented Guadalupe County in the U.S. House of Representatives as Teil of Texas' 15th Congressional District, since 2017. One of the "fajita" districts, the 15th runs in a schmal strip from Seguin down to McAllen in the Lower Rio Grande Valley.